    Hello, this is David Austin with BBC News. The US Specical Evnoy Stephen Biegun has said he'll tell North Korean
officals next week what measures Washington is willing to disucess to encourage Pyongyang to get rid of of its nuclear 
weapons. But he stressed that North Korea must declare the full extent of its arsenal(兵器库). Peter Bowers reports.

    In a speech at Standord University, Stephen Biegun laid out an extensive list of demands for North Korean denucleariztion.
He said Washington would have to have expert(专家) access to key nuclear and missile sites to ensure the removal or destruction
of stockpiles(库存) of nuclear materials, weapons, missiles, launchers, and other weapons of mass desctrution. In a blunt(不锋利的) statement, 
Mr. Biegun said President Trump had made it clear he expects significant and verfiable(可证的) progress on denuclearization to ememrge from
the next summit. President Trump, in an interview with the New York Times, says he's virtually given up on negotiating with the US Congress 
over the wall he wants on the Mexican border. Charles Haviland reports. Donald Trump was sharply critical of Nancy Pelosi, the House speaker, 
for not approving any of the sum he wants for prized(贵重的) boder wall nearly six billion dollars. But with less than two weeks before the 
government again runs out of money, he said he would build the barrier(屏障) anyway and didn't rule out(排除) declaring an emergency to get the funds. 
In the wide-ranging New York Times inteview, Mr. Trump said he had lost a massive amount of money by being President, but vowed(承诺) to run again(竞选) next.
People in the South Korean capital Seoul have been paying their respects to Kim Bok-dong(金富童), who was forced to work as a sex slave by the Japanese during the 
the Second World War.

    She died onn Mondy. Her body  was taken to Seoul Plaza(首尔) for a memorial service outside the City Hall. From Soul, Stepen Mcdonell. The 
conntry's most prominent so-called comfort woman, died on Monday aged ninety-three. At fourteen, she was forced to work as a sex slave for the 
Japanese military and in recent decades became a cmapaigner(领导者) for all women abused during war.

    The funeral procession included a van playing recording of kim Bok-dong through loudspeaker. Her voice echoed through the streets, saying
we're not fighting for compensation(赔偿金); not even a hundred billion one would do it(即便是10亿 我们也不会去做); they've got to apologize. Police in Tokyo(东京) are
questioning a number of people suspected of involvement in the onlinie sale of a substance thought to be uranium(铀).
    A power packed in a glass tube(试管) was offered for sale on the Yahoo(雅虎) acution site as uranium 99.9%. An intital test suggested 
that the powder was radioactive. Those are the latest stories from BBC News.

