    BBC news with Maria Marshall. Throushands of opposition supporters 
have taken to the street across Venezuela in a bid to (目的) to force 
Persident Nicolas Maduro to stand down and agree to new elections. The 
self-proclaimed interim Persident Juan Guaido addressed the crowds in the 
capital Caracas(加拉加斯).

    Thousands of Mr. Maduro's old supporters gathered in a different part of
the city. After more than a week of talks in Sudan, United Nation's mission in
the Central African Repulic(中非共和国) says a peace agreement has been reached.

    The central African government struct a deal with 14 armed groups to end years
of fighting, which killed thousands of people. Envrionmental group Greenpeace says 
it has been fored to shut two of its regional offices in India after the authorities
blocked its bank accounts.

    Ciritics says the government is using the Foreign  Funding Law to silence groups 
that question the social and environmental cost of India's rapid economic development.

    Protesters have gathered outside the Governor's Mansion(府邸) in the US state of 
Virginia, calling for the democratic party incumbent(在职的) Ralph Northam to quit.

    He's failed to defuse(平息) public anger in a racist roar. On Friday, he apologized after 
a photograph emerged from a student yearbook, featuring racist costumers(服装).

    President Putin(普京) says Russia will start to develp a new mid-range hypersonic missile(
超高速导弹), follwing  Washington's decision to suspend its participation in a key cold-war era 
control treaty(条约).

    But Mr. Putin cautioned against being draw into(陷入) an expensive arm's race. Yellow Vest protesters 
are mariching in Pairs and elsewhere in France in the latest round(新一轮) of demonstrations against the cost of 
living and the polices of Persident Emmanuel Marcon. They are also focuing their anger on the police use of 
of crowd control guns that shoot rubber balls(橡胶子弹).
    The Egypitan Ministry of Antiquities(埃及文物部) has announched the dicovery of an anicent tomb(墓) containing 
about 50 mummies(木乃伊), 12 of them chilern. They date to the Ptolemaic(托勒密王朝) era.

    BBC News.