    Hello, this is David Austin with BBC News. President Putin has responded to a decision
by the United States to suspend its participation in a key Cold War era nuclear weapons 
treaty by saying Russia will do the same. Our reponse will be a mirror one. Our Amerian 
partners have announced they're suspending their participation in the treaty and we are suspending
ours, too. 

    They have announced that they are engaged in research and development work, and we will do the same.
At a meeting with his foregin and defense miniseters, Mr. Putin said Russia would start to develop a 
new mid-range hypersonic missile.

    Steve Rosenbery in Moscow has more details. The Kremlin(克林姆林宫) leader said Moscow mustn't and wouldnt' get 
dragged into an expensive arms race. And Russia, he said, would not deploy shot-and mediumn-range weapons
in Europe or any other region unless US weapons were deployed there first.

    He instructed his ministers not to initiate futher disarmament talks with Washington, although he 
he made it clear that Russia's proposals on this issue remained on the table.

    The United States and NATO have accused Moscow of violating the terms of the INF Treaty. Russia 
has made similar allegations against the United States.

    Venezuela's self-proclamied interim President Juan Guaido is attempting to mobilize tens of thousands of 
his supporters for a day of demonstrations. It's intendedn to increase pressure on Nicolas Maduro to relinquish 
the presidency. Orla Cuerin in Caracas.(xxx报道)

    However large the protest maybe, the sence here is that it will take a lot more than that to unseat(革除)
Mr. Maduro. But the opposition believed that a process of change has begun.

    So far, it seems the president still has the backing of the military leadership, but he is under growing pressure,
especially since the US imposed scntions on the state-owned oil firm this week.

    That will starve him of revenue and could quickly paralyze(瘫痪) the county, which is already stricken(打击)
by shortages and heperinflation(极度通货膨胀). Thousands of yellow vest protesters are congregating in Pairs and elsewhere
in France in the latest round of demostrations agaginst the cost of living and the policies of President Emmmanuel Marcron.
This week are also focuing their anger on the police's use of crowd control guns built as nonlethal 
that shoot large rubber balls(橡胶弹)

    The projectiles(炮弹) konwn as flash balls have jujured many protesters, resuting in some losing an eye.
And that's the latest BBC News.





