    BBC News with jonathan Lzard. Russia has announced plans to develop new 
land-based missile systems which would have been banned under an arms treaty 
that the U.S. and Russia abandoned last week. Moscow says it wants to create 
launch systems for cruise(远程) missiles and long-range hypersonoc missles with 2 
years

    Pope Francis has publicly admitted that there is a problem within the Roman 
Cathonic Church of bishops and priests sexually abusing nuns(修女). He told reporters
that some nuns had been reduced sextual slavery.

    The Pope said a number of clerics(牧师) have been suspended and vowed to do more to 
combat(打击) the abuse. The new head of the world's largest gold mining company has 
spoken about the importance of inversting(投资) in the communities where the mines are 
located.

    At a conference in South Africa, Mark Bristow, the CEO of Brarric, acknowledged that 
miming companies had failed to engage with local residents. He said this was now being 
improved(有所改善).

    At least 14 people have been killed by gunmen in serval villages in Nigeria's Zamfara 
Stage. The voilence is thought to be linked to armed gangs that steal acttle and make 
money through kidnapping for ransom(赎金).

    Zambia's Housing Minnister has been arrested on allgations of corruptino. Ronald Chitotela
is accused of purchasing two properites(购买两处房产) in the capital Lusaka with the proceeds of crime(挪用赃款).
He has yet to comment.

    The government spokksman(发言人) in Brazil has said doctors haven't yet set a date for President
Jair Bolsonaro to leave hostpital. Mr. Bolsonaro was transferred to a semi-intensive care unit(半特护病房) in Sao 
Paulo after complications from surgery last week to remove the colostomy bag(结肠瘘袋).

    Member of the miniority Yazidis commnuit in Northern Irag have buried their spiritual leader Tahseen Said Ali 
who died at the age of 85. He lived in exlie(流放) in Germany.

    And police in Sweden(瑞典) said the priceless(无价的) royal treasures which were stolen last July may now have been recovered.
The items were taken(宝物被拿走) from a cathedral west of Stockholm after which the thieves made off(匆匆跑掉) by speed boat on a nearby lake.

    Reportes suggest the regalia(珍宝) was found on the top of a rubbish(垃圾) bin in the Stockholm suburb. 

    BBC News