    Hello, I'm Debbie Russ with the BBC News. Police in Pairs say they believe a fire that engulfed(吞没) a 
    residential building during the night killing eight people was started deliberately(故意地).

    The Pairs prosecutor(检察官) Remy Heitz said a woman who lived in the building had been detained(拘捕).
    At this stage, the information (we have) points(动词) to activity as the main line of investigation.

    One person have been arrested, a person who lives in the building. This person was arrested during 
    the night, not far from the scene, not far from the fire, and she's currently in custody(监禁).

    Residents say the woman had psychiatric(精神的) problems and had been involved in dispute with a neighbor,
    a fireman over loud music during which she threatened to set fire to the builing.

    At least thirty other people have been injured in the blaze at the eight-storey(八层) building in the 
    west of the French capital. The former Afghan(阿富汗) Persident Hamid Karzai and a delegation of influential 
    opposition fitures(人物,代表) are meeting the Taliban in Moscow for political talks.

    Last month, hopes were raised when the Taliban and US officals apparently drafted the framwork for 
    an initial peace deal. But Afghan government officals are not talking part in the talks as the 
    Taliban are refusing to meet them. Secunder Kermani reports.

    The insurgents(起义军) have resisted American demands that they engage directly with President 
    Ashraf Ghani's National Unity Government, which they dismissed as illegitimate(不合法). Those 
    taking part in the talks say there is an opportunity to start a dialogue between the Taliban and 
    import power brokers in Afghanistaml, but some in Kabul see them as attempt by policical rivals 
    to undermine the Afghan government, an exploring deal with the Taliban behind their backs(背后交易).

    State media in Ethiopia are reporting that more than two hundred people have been arrested in the 
    west of the country where they were receiving illegal military training. It sasy they were stopped 
    by the army and police close to the Sndanese border, where ethnic clashes(种族冲突) have displaced(移走) 
    tens of thousands of people.

    The security forces in Burkina Faso say they've killed a large number of militants(武装分子) in response
    to an attack in which fourteen civilian were killed in the north of the country.

    The ilitary said armed men attacked the viillage of Kain in Yatenga province on Sunday night. A 
    military statment said she Burkinable army conducted a large scale operation in three northern 
    provinces, reportedly killing 146 militants.

    US government scientists have published an unscheduled update to their model of the Earth's mgnetic field(磁场)
    to deal with the speeding-up of the magnetic North Pole(北极磁场).

    Magnetic north, which is the place that compasses point to, is constantly moving. But the latest 
    changes have been greater then expected. And that's the latest world news from BBC.
    





