    The time: 300,000 years ago. The scene: a herd of hores, strugging in mud. A short 
five meters away, a group of early Neandertal hunters, throwing a volley of wooden spears
towards the animals. "And then probably coming in to an injured horse and then perhaps finishing 
it off with a thrusting spears(长毛)." Annamieke Milks, a paleolithic(旧石器时代的) archaeologist at 
Unviversity Colleg London.

    "We believe that Neandertals could have thrown them from farther away; that would have 
allowed them to approach animals that weren't disadvantaged. And that they wouldn't necessarily
have needed to come right up colose to the animal and kill it with a thrust. Some of these
shots with the throwing spear could be lethal to an animal if they hit in right way."

    This revised assement of Neandertal weaponry began with the crafting of spruce timer into 
replicas of an actual 300,000-year-old spear. The surface was finished with the same kinds
of stone tools used to make the original.

    Milks then recruited six male javelin throwers to chuck(扔) the replicas at a hay bale. At 
five meters, they struck the target more than half the time. At 10 to 15 meters, a quarter
of the time. But from 20 meters, just one in six throws hit the hay.

    "It's still not amazing accuracy, I hava to say, I was hoping for better." Though she points 
out that the javelin throwers aren't tranied to hit targets---something Neandertal may have
been more skilled at--- and the experiment suggests teh weapons were at least capable of 
sailing much farther than had been thought. And high-speed video of the throws proved the 
spears could strike with deadly force. The research is in the journal Scienfific Reports.

    The crafting of these ancient spears also suggests some degree of intelligence--- a concept
of, or intuition about, balance, mass and desin. For example, whoever crafted these 
ancient spears used the denser, lower part of tree trunk for the spear tips, intended 
to strike prey. But we still don't know which Neandertals used the spears in battle.

    "I wanted to emphasize that we chose male athletes, not femal athletes, not because
we didn't think women were playing a role in hunting, but because we needed a homogenous
sample. But I'd be very curious to know how women did in accuracy."

    Perhaps another round of tests, with women throwers, can address that ... point.