    I will begin by telling you that I blame myself terribly.

    As I sit here in this dark cell in convict(有罪) clothes, a disgraced and ruined man, I blame myself.

    From the very first there was too wide a gap between us.

    You had been idel at your school, worse than idle at your university.

    You admired my work when it was finished: you enjoyed the brilliant successes of my first nights,,, and the brilliant banquets(宴会) that 
    followed them: you were proud, and quite naturally so, of being the intimate friend of an artist so distinguished: but you could not understand
    the conditions requisites for the productijon of artistic work.

    I am not speaking in phrases of rhetorical exaggeration(夸大) but in terms of absolute truth to actual fact when I remind you that during
    the whole time we were together I never wrote one single line.

    Whether at Torguay, Goring, London, Florence or elsewhere, my life, as long as you were by my side, was entirely sterile(贫瘠的) and uncreative.
    And with but few intervals your were , I regret to say, by my side always.(你总在我的身边)

    I remember in September 1893, taking a set of chambers, purely in order to work undisturbed.

    During the first week you kept away.

    In that week I wrote and completed in every detail, as it was ulitimately perfomed, the first act of An Ideal Husband.

    The second week you returned and my work practically had to be given up.

    I arrived at St Jame's Place every morning at 11:30, in order to have the opportunity of thinking and writing without the interruptions 
    inseararble from my own household.

    At twelve o'clock you drove up, and stayed smoking cigarettes and chattering till 1:30, when I had to take you out to luncheon(午餐) at 
    the Cafe Royal or the Berkeley.

    Luncheon with its liqueurs lasted usually till 3:30.

    For an hour you retired to White's. At tea-time you appeared again, and stayed till it was time to dree for dinner.

    You dined with me either at theSavoy or Tite Street.

    We did not separate as a rule till after midnight, as supper at Willis's had to wind up the entrancing(销魂的) day.

    That was my life for three months every single day.

    For one of my nature and temperament(气质,冲动) it was a position at once grotesque(荒诞的) and tragic.

