    BBC news. I'm John Shea. President Trump and the North Korean leader Kim Jongun 
    will hold their second face-to-face meeting in the Vietanamese capital shortly.
    They are expected to discuss denuclerization. Jon Scpel reports from there. 
    Persident Trump seems to have a twin-track(双轨策略) in trying to set the tone(基调)
    for this summit.
    
    First is to offer Kim Jongun Vietnam as a vision of what Norht Korea could 
    become. Leave aside(且不管) the slight oddity(怪异) of an elected US Predident 
    touting(刺探) a communist one-party state, which Vietnam is, as the model(模范)
    fo follow, but it's true that the economy here is booming. Vietnam is thriving(繁荣)
    like few places on earth, the President twitted this morning.

    NOrth Korea would be the same, and very quickly, if it would denuclearize, he 
    said. And hte other approac is to hold Kim Jongun in a warm embrace.

    Some news just in Medical sources in Cairo say at least twelve people have 
    been killed and more than twenty injured in a fire at the main railway station
    in the Egyptain capital.
                                          (爆发)              
    Security sources said the fire erupted when a train hit one of station's platforms.
    Dozens of amulances have been rushed to the scene.

    Figures for 2018 show the birth rate in South Korea has fallen to a record low.
    The average number of chiildren born to a woman in the country last year fell
    to 0.98, giving South Korea the lowest birthrate among the world's richest nations.
    The former President of Seychelles, France Albert Rene, who seized power in a coup(政变)
    in 1977, has died in hospital at the age of 83.

    He led the tropical island state(热带岛国) for decades and is credited with(誉为)
    transforming the social condition of the once-impoverished(此前很贫穷) nation.
    From the capital Victoria, Patrick Murhead reports.

    France Albert Rene founded the political movement which drove this cluster of 
    tiny tropical islands to independence from the UK in 1976. Serving as Prime 
    Minister in its first coalition government(联合政府), he then overthrew(推翻)
    the president Sir James Mancham in a coup detat(政变) the following year, forcing 
    him to exile. In 1991, he reintroduced multi-party politics, winning several 
    successive presidential elections before retiring(退休) in 2004.

    He died this morning in hostpital in the capital Victoria following a lengthy(冗长的)
    battle(争斗) with bad health caused by his own admission(自己承认) by his fondness
    for smoking.

    A BBC  survery has found that hte number of British school pupils learning foreign 
    languages is at its lowest level for eighteen years. According to the analysis 
    of more than two housands states'(国立中学) secondary schools, the number of 
    students taking exams such as French and German at the age of sixteen has dropped
    by almost half in that time. In three localities in England in 2017, there were 
    no such exams in German at all.

    And that's the latest BBC world news.






