    Hello, I'm Rosemary Crick with the BBC News. South Korea has confirmed that large-scale annual military exercises
    with the United States are to end.

    The war games which has always infuriated(刺激) North Korea will be replaced with smaller-scale drills(军演). Steve
    Jackson reports. Fro decades, the United States and South Korea have held joint military exercises, which have always 
    triggered an irate response from the North.

    At one time, the biggest of these drill, konwn as Foal Eagle, involved almost a quarter of a million soldiers. Pyongyang 
    accused its enemies of planning for an invasion.

    After Presindent Trump's first summit with the North Korean leader Kim Jong-un last year, some exercises were suspended. 
    But now in spite of the failure of their second summit last week, the biggest of the military drills are to end.

    Future maneuvers(军事行动) will be on a small scale to avoid inflaming tensions with North Korea. A month after the 
    deadly collapse of a dam in Brazil, the head of the mining company responsible has resigned.

    Fabio Schvartsmant had little choice after federal prosecutors(检察官) recommedned that he and several other senior 
    executives of the mining giant Value be removed. More than three hundred people died when the dam burst adn a vast 
    area was engulfed(吞没) in toxic mud.

    Employees arrested as part of an official investigation said the company knew that the structure of the dam was compromised(有所让步).
    The Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido who is in Ecuador has called for new protests against the government 
    of Nicolas Maduro on Monday and Tuesday. Mr. Guaido, the self-declared interim president of Venezuela said he would
    return home to take part although he faces the prospect of arrest.

    He defied(违反) a Superme Court(最高院) travel ban by crossing into Colombia a week ago to help coordinate foreign aid 
    deliveries which Mr.Maduro rejected as part of a US-led plot to affect regime change.

    Police in Mexico say gunmen have killed four people adn injured ten others at a birthday party in the northeastern 
    state of Tamaulipas. Witnesses described five or six people with fifles who arrived in a ven and opened fire at 
    the party in a function romm.

    Australia has criticized foreign companies involved in an oil spill(石油泄漏) that threatens the world's largest raised 
    coral atoll(环礁) in the Solomon Islands. It said there weas a lack of action to limit the damage. From Sydney, Phil
    Mercer reports.

    At least seventy five tons of heaevy fuel oil have spilled from the Solomon trader, a freighter(货船) registered in 
    Hong Kong. It was driven into a reef in the Solomon Islands by a tropical cyclone in early February.

    Australia says the companies involved, including an Indonesian mining firm aren't doing enough to stop about six 
    hundred tons of oil still on board the stricken(受打击的) ship from leaking.

    Rennell island is home to(天生就有) many species that are found nowhere else.

    BBC News.



