    Hello, I'm Nick Kelly with BBC News. A jude in Brazil has agreed to release from prison the former President 
    Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva to attend the funeral of his seven-year-old grandson.

    The boy died of meningitis(脑膜炎) and will be buried on Saturday. Leonardo Rochna reports. Lula will fly from 
    the southern Brzrilian city of Curitiba in a jet that belongs to hte local government.

    He will be leaving the federal police compound(联邦警察局) where he's serving his sentence for the first time 
    since he was imprisoned by his political opponents to prevent him form running for office again last year.

    For many(对于大多数人来说), he led the most corrupt government in Brazilian thistory, but the country is split 
    politically(政治分裂) and thousands are expected to turn up(出现) at the cemetery to show support for the former 
    persident.

    The United States has cancelled the visas of forty-nine Venezuelan officials who helped close the country's borders
    last Saturday to block the delivery of foreign aid. The S Stete Department said the officials were responsible 
    for underminning Venezuela's democracy.

    The sanctions were also applied to their family members. President Nicolas Maduro rejected the offer of humanitarian
    aid donated mainly by the US, saying it was a pretext(借口) for a ground invasion.

    The Ameriacn space agency NASA and California SpaceX company perparing to launch astronaut capslule from US soil 
    for the first time in eight years(8年来的首次). The Dragon capsule will blast off(发射升空) on board a Falcon 9 rocket 
    and will carry a dummy fittedwith sensors to the International Space Station.

    NASA's Bill Gerstenmaier says using a private company won't compromise on standards. We're doing things that are 
    really sisky and the designs and the complexity of what we have to do.

    We're strapping human beings on top of rockets with millions of pounds of thrust(猛推), hurling(投掷) them into 
    orbit to go attached to a space station to do world-cutting research. That isn't trivial.

    The US ambassador to London has described the European Union(欧盟) as a museum of agriculture with a traditionalist
    and unsustainable approach to farming. In an article for a British newspaper, Woody Johnson writes that criticism in
    Britain of American farming is part of smear(诽谤) campaigan by those who want to prevent a trade deal between the 
    US and the UK after Britain leaves the EU. Earlier this week, the US set out(启动) its objectives for such a trade deal,
    which would force the UK to abandon European food standards.
    

    The court of appeal(上诉法庭) in Quebec(魁北克) has upheld a ruling in a lawsuit ordering three big tobacco(烟草) 
    companies to pay more than eleven billion dollars in damages to smokers and ex-smokers in the Canadian province.

    The plaintiffs(原告) alleded that companies had known since the 1950s the bobacco cause cancer and had failed to(没有警告) 
    warn consumers.



