    Hello, I'm Eileen Mckue with the BBC News. At least wtenty-three people have been killed in Alabama after tornadoes
    hit the US state.

    Jay Jones, the sheriff of Lee County on the border with Beorgia, said the number could rise as the authority searched 
    through the rubble and deris.

    The victims include a number of children. Alabama governor Kay Ivey declared a state of emergency. Chip Brownlee is 
    a local journalist in Auburn, in Lee County.

    It came up just so fast. You know, I think, you know, people don't have time to get out of the awy of these things,
    especially when they're moving as fast as they were moving today.

    And when this one was particularly as powerful as it was, there's not much you can do, particularly when these things 
    are leveling homes like this one did, snap trees in half. It's flipping cars.

    President Trump has urged people in the region to stay safe. Venezuela's opposition leader Juan Gaido says he's returning 
    to his country after a week-long tour of South America to amass(号召) support for his attempt to remove President Nicolas 
    Maduro form power. Speaking on social media from an undisclosed location(未知地点), Mr. Guaido said he would lead 
    anti-government marches throughout Venezela on Monday and Tuesday. This report from Will Grant. We'll see each other 
    tomorrow, Jan Guaido told his supporters in a late night address on Sunday via Facebook live.

    It was a reference to a march he's called for in Caracas, although it isn't yet clear if he will actually be back in 
    the country by then or how he intends to return.

    He was plaed under a travel ban by the Supreme Court loayal to zpresident Maduro. Now his intention is to come back 
    to Venezuela, which may provoke(激怒) the Maduro government into arresting him.

    If they do, he said it would be one of their last mistakes in office. The United States will on Monday merge the activities 
    of its consulate(总领事馆) in Israel with those of its embassy(领事馆全体工作人员) in a move that's angered Palestinians(巴拉斯坦人).
    The consulate in Jerusalem(耶路撒冷) has until now operated as a semi-independent diplomatic mission serving Palestinians 
    in the disputed city and acting as a direct channel of communication between Washington adn the Palestinian authority.
    The merger will make the consulate subordinate to the US ambassador(大使) to ISrael David Freeman(美国驻以色列), considered 
    a supporter of te Israeli settlement(定居点计划) program in the West Bank.

    Police in Kenya say a helicopter has crashed in the northwest of the country,killing all four American passengers 
    on board and their pilot. Peports say the helicopter came down after taking off from a tourist camp on a remote 
    island in Lake Turkana on Sunday evening.

    The cause is not yet konwn. That's the BBC News.

    



    