    Hello, I'm Eileen McKKue with the BBC News. India has played down the impact of an end to its preferential trade 
    status with the United States after Predient Trumnp announced that he intended to scrap the program. The Commerce 
    Sectary Anup Wadhawan said the move would have a minimal economic impact and that Delhi was keeping retaliatory(报复性)
    tariffs(关税) out of it talks with the US. Devina Gupta is in Delhi. This means taht from here on now these goods wil 
    have to be under a duty(值班,征收税款) and big exporters wil have to shell out(交付) more money and in Indai the Commerce 
    Secretarty pointed out although it's about export 5.6 bilion dollars, but the economic impact of that will only be 
    about a hundred and nine million dollars.

    So it's not so gingificant if we lok in terms of trade. But yes, thousands of jobs are at risk here in India. A Japanese 
    court has granted bail(保释) to the former automobile executive Carlos Ghosn how's been detained for more than three
    months on charges of financial msconduct. Mecrica Oria is in Singapore. The decision came as surprise because in Japanese
    bail is rarely granted unless you confess to the crimses you're accused of.

    And this is in fact his third request for bail. But he's recently changed his legal team and they've managed to 
    succeed in getting him bail. It's not cheap though. Abail is set at one billion yen(日元) which is almost nine million 
    US dollars, one of the highest in fact in Japan.

    Prosecutions are now appealing the decission. Remember he's facing allegations of financial misconduct. He's accoused
    of underreporting his salary(少报收入). He's also accused of transferring his investment losses onto Nisson all of 
    which he denies.

    Merica Ora reporting from Singapore. Wet winters are no longer a guide to the intensity of California wildfires. A 
    Study by international climate expert shows climate change is one of the factors ensuring that major fires can now 
    happedn in any year. Paul Rincon reports. Last year was California's mmost destructive wildfire season. Winter rains
    have been a guide to the intensity of fires in California for hundreds of years, but a now study shows that's no 
    longer the case.

    More vegetation and day conditions due to global warming now mean any year can have large fires. More effective 
    to tackle wildfires over the twentieth century mean this now more dry wood to burn regardless of wet winiter.

    As hot and dry conditions become more common globally, reserachers say wee can expect the number and intensity of 
    wildfires to increase around theworld. Paul Rincon reporting. BBC News.

    
