    Hello, I'm Neil Nunes with the BBC News. New satellite images appered to indicate that North Korea is rebuilding 
    part of a rocket launch site that it had begun to take out of action.

    South Korean intelligence officials also noted signs of new activity at the site. Laura Bicker is in Seoul. Satellite 
    evidence from two US thinktankks(智囊团) and testimony from the South Korean intelligence services all suugest North 
    Korea has started rebuilding a site they had agreed to destroy. The satellite launch station at Tongchang-ri was partially
    dismantled(拆毁) last year, but activity stopped in August when negotiations with the US stalled(陷入僵局). But new 
    images taken from early February and just after Kim Jong-un summit in Hanoi(越南首都) with Donald Trump appear to 
    show rapid progrss has been made in rebuilding structures on the rocket launch pad. The United Nations says the 
    harvest in North Korea last year was the worst for more than a decade and eleven million people, more than forty 
    percent of the population need humanitarian help. The UN says last year's food production was more than nine percent 
    down on the previous year.

    The United States and the European Union have voiced support for demonstrators in Algeria, who have been demaning that 
    Predisent Abdelaziz Bouteflika step down.

    A US State Department spokesman Robert Paladino said Algerians had the rights to peaceful assembly. We're nonitoring 
    these protests that are happening in Algeria. We're gonna continue to that.

    And I would say that the United States supports the Algerian people and their rights to peacefully assemble. The head 
    of the Algerian army says the military will not allow security to break down.

    Reports form Afghanistan say there has been a suicide bomb blast near the airport in the eastern city of Jalalabad. A
    spokesman for the provincial governor told Reuters news agency the attacker detonated(引爆) his explosives near the 
    offices of a construction company.

    He said fighting broke out between gunmen(枪手) and security forces after the blast. Latest reports say the gunfight
    is still going on. The US billionaire and former mayor of New York City Michael Bloomberg has said he won't run for 
    president in 2020.

    Instead, he says he'll fight climate change by expanding grassroots efforts to end America's depencence on oil, gas,
    and coal. Mr. Bloomberg is a trenchant(强有力的) critic of President Trump and had publicly toyed with running for the 
    Democratic Party nomination.

    That's the latest BBC worlds news.

    

