    BBC News with Rosemary Crick. Algeria's protests against rule of Persident Abdelaziz Bouteflika have staged a massive demonstration in the
    capital Algiers.

    Vast numbers of people chanting and waving the national flag filled the streets, bringing the city center to a halt. There have been two 
    weeks of protests across the country prompted(提供) by the president's plan to seek a 5th term(连任第5届).

    The baby son of the Brithish teenager Samima Begm who joined the Islamic Stete group has died in Syria after lung infection. The teenager 
    has attracted huge media afftention when she and two school friends fled London to join IS in 2015.

    The longest blackout(停电) in living memory(一次记忆) has left most Venezuelans without power for almost 24 hours. Shops, businesses and government
    offices remained closed across the country.

    A BBC correspondent(记着) in the capital Caracas has described the situation as chaotic. The latest official figures from the United States
    revealed 20,000 new jobs were created last month, far fewer than analysts had forecast.

    This is the lowest level of job creation since September, 2017. Riot police(防暴警察) in Turkey have fired tear gas and pepper spay at women 
    who wanted to march through central Istanbul to mark International Women's Day.

    Officers pushed back a crowd of women trying to get onto the main pedestrianized shopoing treet. Rebels in the east of the Democratic REpublic 
    of Congo have killed a ranger(骑警) in the Virunga National Park.

    The authorities said ranger Freddy Mahamba Muliro was killed on Thursday by suspected Mai Mai militia(步兵) men. A 12-year-old boy who started 
    the petition to get heavy metal band(金属乐队) Metallica to perform in New Zealand has been rewarded by te country's Prime Minister Jacinda
    Ardern. When news of the concert(演唱会) was announced, William Bush was invited to its venue(现场) for an interview.

    He was stunned when Ms. Ardern turned up and presented him with two VIP tickets to the event. BBC News.

    

    