    Hello, this is the BBC News with Finoa MacDonald. For the second time this week, US analysts have reported activity at a military site in 
    North Korea.

    It raises the possibility that the authorities may be preparing to launch a satellite or a missile. From Seoul, here's Laura Bicker. There 
    has been increased activity acround a missile and rocket assembly site(装配基地) known as Tongch'ang-dong near Pyongyang.

    Large vehicles have been seen moving around the facility, activity which in the past indicated that North Korea was ast least preparing
    to move some kind of missile or rocket to a launch area.

    Norch Korea's main rocket launch site has also been rebuilt according to the images, and could be fully operational. Analysts believe that 
    at this stage it's more kikely that Pyongyang is preparing to launch a satellite rather than test a missile.

    But the US said earlier this week that this would still be inconsisten with the commiments Kim Jong-un made to Donald Trump. Electricity is 
    gradually beiing restored in the Venezuelan capital Caracas and other parts of the country after the longest blackout there in decades. Will 
    Grant reports from Caracas. Almost all twenty-three states in Venezuela plus the capital city plunged into darkness for more than a day.

    The chaos it caused was huge. The power cut acme amid high political tension inn the country with the opposition leader jzuan Guaido trying To
    force PresidentNicolas Maduro from office. Both men tried to blame the other.

    The Maduro government said the blackout was an act of sabotage(破坏) by the opposition, while Mr. Guaido's camp blamed government incompetence,
    corruption and underinvestment(投资不足).

    Members of the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee in the UK Parliament have said a technical solution to avoid checks on the Irish border 
    after Brexit could be possible. Here's Emma Vardy.

    After listening to evidence form Swedish and Dutch customs consultants, the Northern Ireland Affairs Committee says it believes that a technological 
    system could be designed, trialed and piloted in under two years.


    That added that such a system would be a world first and would require a high deree of political trust. The endorsement(认可) of  technological 
    solutions by the committe  will be welcomed by Brexiteers, but it is unlikely to influence the EU negotiators.

    The EU continues to insist the current backstop plan(后盾计划), which could mean Northern Ireland continuiing to follow some EU rules. It's 
    the only realistic solution to prevent a har border in Northern Ireland.

    More than two hundred works of art belonging to the sinter George Michael, who died in 2016, will go on display today in London ahead of 
    being auctioned next Thursady.

    The sale will benefit charities. It includes pieces by Christopher Lee, Sam Taylor Wood, Sarash Lucas and Antony Gormley. BBC News.

    

