    Hello, This is David Austin with the BBC News. Kilitants have, who attacked a police station in Myanmar's Rakhine state have killed nine
    officers.

    It's the latest in a series of operations launched by a group called the Arakan Army. Michael Bristow reports. About a hundred nilitants 
    surrounded a village police station. When when officers refused to surrender the attack, nine policemen were killed.

    The rebels then seized weapons and ammunition(弹药). Over recent years, Rakhine has been the focus of attention because of the treatment(对待)
    of the state ethnic Rohingya musilims(穆斯林).

    This ia separate issue found just a decade ago. The Arakan Army says it's fighting for the rights of the state's Buddhist majority against 
    discrimination by the government in Myanmar.

    Of a recent months, the militants have increased their attacks on the army and police. Turkey isexpelling three German journalists today 
    amid increasing tension between Berlin and Ankara.

    Germany has issued a travel warning to its citizens, saying it couldn't rule out further action by the Turkish authorities. There's Mark Lowen.
    This year, for the first time, the authorities have formally rejeted the accreditaion(委派) of three reporters for the German broadcasters
    ZDF and NDR and the newspaper Der Tagesspiegel. Several other foreign journalists are still waiting for a response to their applications.

    Those rejected are flying out today after a ten-day deadline to leave the county. The decision is being seen as for further pressure by the 
    Turkish government on media freedom and is straining(加剧) relations between Ankara nad Berlin.

    Venezuela's Presidnet Nicolas Maduro has praised the armed forces for remaing loyal to his governemnt. At a rally in Caracas, he also accused 
    the opposition of carrying out a cyber attack on the country's electrical system.

    The opposition leader Juan Guaido joined thousands of his supporters in a rival demonstration in Caracas, as Will Grant reoprts. For many 
    in the opposition, these are some of Veneuela's darkest days.

    Quite literally, they argue the vast blackout which hit Venezuela late on Thursady, continues to plague the country with tragic consequences. 
    As many as fifteen people with kidney disease who needed dialysis have died since the power cut, according to the Codevida health rights NGO.

    When the man tey want to replace President Maduro arrived Juan Gudido, he addressed them by megaphone and had an announcement. He would travel
    the entire country with members of the Natijonal Assembly he told them, and bring people back from the provinces for another big demonstration 
    in Caracas. Those are the latest stories form BBC News.




