    Hello, I'm Chris Barrow with the BBC News. An Indonesian woman accused of(被指控) kiling the half-brother of the NOrth Korean leader Kim 
    Jong Un has been freed by a court in Malaysia after prosecutors dropped charges against her. The Malaysian Attorney General said this was 
    at Indonesia's request.

    Siti Aisyah was one of two women accused ot murdering Kim Jong Nam by smearing nerve agen on his face at Kuala Lumpur International Airport 
    two years ago.

    Her lawyer Gooi Soon Seng said the court had made the right decision. We still truly believe that she is merely a scapegoat(替罪羊) and she's 
    innocent as we have already submitted much earlier in the day was the fact that there was no direct evidence that she applied anything on 
    Kim Jong Nam. South Korea has asked the United States to lift sanctions on camera equipment for North Korea that it says could be used to 
    conduct video reunions for famlily separated by the Korean War. The United Nations has aleady waived its sanctions on the equipment.

    Video conferencing(会议) has been used in the past to connect elderly relatives separated by the conflict on the Korean Peninsula, which 
    began in the early 1950s. The Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has been greeted(接见) by his Iraq counterpart Barham Salih at the presidential 
    palace in Baghdad.

    It marks the start of Mr. Hassan's first visit to Iran's(伊朗) neighbor since he took office five years ago. Iraq is under pressure by the 
    United States to limit its ties with the Iranian(伊朗) government.

    Before he left Tehran, Mr. Rouhani criticized Amerian intervention in the Middle East. Turkery has gone into recession for the first time 
    in ten years.

    New figures show the economy contracted by 2.4 percent in the last quarter of 2018 following a fall in the previous quarter. While the 
    economy grew overall last year, the rate was sharply down on theyear befoe.

    The office of the British Prime Minister Theresa May says talks with the European Union are deadlocked a day before the British Parliament 
    is due to vote again on her deal for leaving the EU.  (a day before 在...之后的一天)

    The week on the negotiations between officals ended with no breakthrough, Mrs.May's deal is still substantially the same as the one that 
    was overwhelmingly rejected by MPs in January.

    The BBC's lain Waston says that's caused concern in the Prime Minister's Conservative Party. Some of her own members of paliament think 
    perhaps she shouldn't have the vote at all if she just could get the same result as last time that she tried this.

    However if it does go ahead tomorrow and she is defeated, then members of parliament will have to further vote when or whether to leave the 
    European Union without a deal at all and then when or whether to extend Article 50, the process of leaving the European Union.

    In other words, asking for a delay in the UK's departure. BBC News.

    

