    Hello, I'm David Harper with the BBC News. British MPs have delivered a crushing 
    defeat to the government's latest deal to leave the European Union voting it down 
    by a margin of 149(149只差).

    The Prime Minister Theresa May said she profoundly regretted the result. The leader 
    of the main opposition party, opposition Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn, gave his reaction 
    to the vote.

    The government has been defeated again by an enormous majority, and they now accept 
    their deal, their proposal, the one the Proime Minister's put is clearly dead and 
    does not have the support of this House.

    And quite clearly no deal must be taken off the table. We've said the that before, 
    and we'll say that again. Parliament is now expected to vote on Wednesday on whether
    to leave the EU on March 29th without a deal.

    If they reject that option, MPs will vote on Thursday on whether to delay Brexit. A 
    judge in Australia has sentenced Cardinal George Pell to six years for sexually abusing 
    two teenage boys in Mebourne Cathedral 20 years ago.

    77 year-old Cardinal Pell, a former adviser to the Pope, is the most senior clergyman(神职人员)
    ever to be convicted of child sex offenses. Chief Judge Peter Kidd said the Cardianl 
    had clarly abused his position of authority and trust.

    But he also said the Cardinal's advanced age and his ill health should be taken into 
    account. I sentence you to a total effective sentence of six years imprisonment.

    I set a non-parole period of three years and eight months. That means you will become
    eligible to apply for parole(保释) after serving this non-parole period.

    Your relese on parole will be a matter entirely for the parole board. A spokesman for 
    the Taliban has told the BBC that there's been made propress on major issues at the 
    latest round of Afghan peace talks between the United States and the Taliban. Sohail 
    Shahin said two sides have agreed to discuss the withdrawal of foreign troops from 
    Afghanistan and how to prevent terror attacks against other countries. The human rights
    organization Amnesty International says the European Union is complicit(同流合污)
    in Croatia's ill treatment of thousands of saylum seekers(避难所)。 Ayong Skippers 
    reports. In a new report, Amnesty International alledes Croatian border authorities
    use violence to force migrants into neighboring Bosnia where they are trapped in 
    improvised camps with poor conditions and inadequate protection. The report describes
    how some migrants were beaten as their documents destroyed and their possession stolen 
    by Croatian police.

    Attempts to scrutinize these practices have been blocked. Amnesty says that European 
    leaders can no longer wash their hands of responsibility as they continue to fund 
    the Croatian border police.

    The Croatian suthorities have denied the allegations.

    BBC News.

    

