    Hello, I'm Neil Nunes with the BBC News. Facebook is currently suffering the most 
    severe outrage(宕机) in its history with many of its services inaccessible to users 
    across the world.

    The company has said it's trying to resolve the issue. Messenger and Instagram have
    also been disrupted. It's not known what's causing the problem. More from Dave Lee.

    All in all this is an enormous collapse of many many Facebook services. And for some 
    of those looking at this is a wide situation, they're saying this really underlines(显示出)
    the amount of internet, if you like, the Facebook is in control of so when there is 
    a problem with Facebook, that problem is pretty great. This has been a significant 
    day for them and it's been having a significant impact on many users all over the 
    world which is where this is affecting. It's a global problem that Facebook had.

    Reports from New York say the head of the Gambino crime family Frank Cali has been 
    killed. He was shot mutiple times outside his home in an affluent(富裕的) Staten Islan 
    neighborhood. He died of his entrance in hospital.

    Frank Cali who was 53, was said to have links to Sicilian mafia families. It's the 
    first targeted killing of a New York mobster(黑手党) since 1985.

    INternational donors are gathering in Brussels for a conference on Syria organized 
    jointly by the United Nations and the European Union. The aim is to generate nine 
    billion dollars to help Syrians uprooted by the country's long running cival war.
    Imogen Foulkes has more details in this reports.

    Eighty percent of peopel are living in extreme proverty. Towns and cities are in ruins.
    Aid agencies are publicly appealing for billions of dollars to meet immediate humanitarian 
    needs.

    Privately, they are frustrated that the European Union will not commit funds for 
    reconstruction. The EU has said it wants see a politicl settlement(解决方案) in 
    Syria first.

    The Venezuelan opposition leader and self-decleared interim president Juan Guaido has 
    told the BBC he fears for his safety and his life in Venezuela. In a interview, he 
    said threats have been made against him.

    More than just the risk of arrest, there's the against our lives. The political 
    exercise of thinking differently in Venezuela bring great risk to our liberty.

    And in my case, there are constant theatss against me. Just recentl on social media,
    it was said they were going to attack my home. Mr Guaido also said President Nicolas
    Maduro no longer enjoys broad support from the army(不再有广泛的军队支持).

    He said President Maduro relied on the elites who had million of dollars in foreign
    banks accounts. That's the latest BBC News.
    

