    Through good times and bad over the last two years, my passionate beliefs that such a deal is attainable, that a bright future lies ahead 
    for our country has not wavered.

    And it is now within our grasp. I spent yesterday meeting Chancellor Merkel, prime minister Ruttle, Predisent Tusk and President Juncker, 
    to address the concerns that MPs have with the backstop(担保) and we are making progress. I was due to travel to Dublin(柏林) this afternoon 
    to continue that work, but will now remain here in London to make the case for my leadersjhip with my parliamentary colleagues. A change of 
    leadership in the Conservative Party now iwll put our country's future at risk and create uncertainty when we can least afford it.

    A new leader wouldn't be in place(就职) by the 21st January legal deadline. So a leadership election risks handing control of the Brexit 
    negotiations to opposition Mps in parliament.

    The new leader wouldn't have time to renegotiate withdrawal agreement, get the legislation through parliament by the 29th of March. So one 
    of their first acts would have to be extending or rescinding(撤销) Article 50, delaying or even stopping Brwxit when people want us to get 
    on with it.

    And a leadership election would not change the fundamentals of the negotiation or the parliamentary arithmetic. Weeks spent tearing ourselves
    apart will only create more division(分歧), just as we should be standing together to server our country.

    None of that would be in the national interest(国家利益). The only people whose interests would be served are Jeremy Corbyn and John McDonnell.

    The British people want us to get on with it and they want us to focus on the other vital isssues that matter to them too. Building a stronger
    economy, delivering first class public services and the homes that families need.

    These are the public priorities(优先考虑) and they must be the Conservative Party's priorities too.

