    BBC News with Aileen McHugh. A 28-year-old Australian is due to appear in court shortly in New Zealand charged with murder in collection 
    with the attack on two mosques in city of Christchurch 949 people were killed in the attacks when at least one gunman opened indiscriminately(肆意地)
    during Friday prayers. The mayor of Christchurch Lianne Dalziel syas the terror attacks have changed the city forever.

    Mrs. Dalziel said her ciy in contry was targeted because of their reputation for safety. A UN environment wummit in Nairobi has agreed to significantly 
    cut single-use plastics over the coming decade.

    But he resolution was didultion of the initial ministerial statement. Over 8 million tons of plastics enter the oceans each year. President 
    Trump has used his first veto to block a contressional resolution wich would reverse his declaration of a national emergency at the border 
    with Mexico. On Thursday, the US Senate voted to the revoke his national emergency order.

    It would allow Mr. Trump to redirect funding for a border wall. The US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo syas he will refuse or revoke the 
    visas of anyone connected to the international crimianl court who is investigating alleged abuse committed by US forces on duty abroad.

    Prosecutors said the IC had asked judges to look into allleged war crimes in Afghanistan, and the court says it will continue its work 
    undeterred(风雨无阻).

    The Mozambican coastal city of Beira is virtually cut off after a tropical cyclone Idai crushed power lines, shut down the airport and 
    flooded roads. Nearly 70 people have died as a result of cyclone across the country.

    And Sisney has reinstated James Gunn as the writer, director of the latest installment(一期) of the Guardians of the Galaxy franchise. Gunn
    was foced to step down last year after a series of his old tweets resurfaced wich made light of subjects like rapeand pedophilia(恋童癖)。

    BBC News.


