    BBC News with Sue Montgomery. New Zealand police believe there was only one gunman involevd in the shooting at two mosques in Christchurch
    on Friday that killed forty-nine people.

    Police Commissioner Mike Bush said he had not seen anthing to suggest there was more htan one persion involved. A twenty-eight-year old man
    has appeared in court charged with one count of murder. A local juurnalist Emma Cropper was in court.

    It was a very brief appearance. It was a matter of minutes. He was handcuffed. He was flanked by police. When he appeared and he remained calm
    and basically emotionless in the dark throughout his appearance.

    Becasue of safety reasons, the public won't initially allowed inside for that appearance, but now police was surrdounding the courthouse. The 
    streets then had been cordoned off(隔离) throughout that appearance as well.

    The Prime Minister of New Zealand Jacinda Ardern has told Muslim leader that the country stands with their community in grief. As a news 
    conference in Wellinton, Ms. Arden, wearing a black scarf over her head, said the people of New Zealand were ready to help the Muslim 
    community. She also promised to investigate far-right extremist. I want to be very clear, though, that our intelligence community and police 
    are focused on extremism of every kind.

    Given global indicators around fa-right extremism, our intelligence community(情报部门) has been stepping up their investigations in this 
    area. Polls have opened in Slovakia where voters are choosing a new president.

    A liberal anti-corruption campaigner is the favorite to win the first round of voting. Rory Gallimore reports. A year ago, Zuzana Caputova
    was best known in Slovakia as a lawyer who helped stop the construction of a landfill site.

    Now she's the front runner to be the next president. The murder of the investigative journalist Jan kuciak last year prompted widespread 
    anti-government anger.

    He'd been  looking into corrupt ties between politicians and businesses. When he was shot dead, there were mass protests, forcing Robert 
    Fico to resign as Prime Minister.

    No single candidate is expected to win enough votes today to avoid a runoff(最终决选) election, which is sheduled for later this month. 
    State meida in Mozambique say at least 19 people have killed as result of tropical cyclone Idai.

    The coastal city of Beira, which is home to half a million people, was in effect cut off by the storm. Roads have been flooded and power 
    lines brought down. The city'sairport was forced to close. 

    BBC News.
    

