    This is the BBC news. Hello, I'm Jonathan lzard. The Prime Minister of New Zealnad Jacinda Ardern has reaffirmed that her governemnt will 
    move quickly to change gun laws following the attacks on mosques in Christchurch in which fifty people were killed. Speaking ahead of cabinet
    metting, she said New Zealanders were asking why people were able to buy military-style semi-automatic weapons.

    People in Christchurch have been returning to work and schools as our correspondent Rupert Wingfield-Hayes reports. It was a very somber
    morning assembly at the Cahsmere high school.

    Pricipal Mark Wilson had to tell his students that two of their classmates had been killed in Friday's attack on the city's mosques. One of 
    the boys had fled with his family from the civil war in Syria(叙利亚).

    This afternoon, hundreds of children of children from schools across the city will hold a vigil(守夜) close to AI Noor Mosque where their classmates 
    died. As over the weekend, the people of Christchrch appear determined to show the world they will not be defined by the horrific cirme committed 
    here on Friday.

    Police in northwest England say they have made four arrests in connection with incidents of alleged hate crime in which the New Zealand 
    attacks was mentioned. In one incident, a taxi driver was allegedly abused by members of the public.

    Counterterrorism police(反恐警察) police are also iinvestigating a stabbing on Saturday night near London Heathrow Airport. Ethiopic(埃塞俄比亚)
    says early finding from an investigation into the Ethiopian Airlines disaster showed clear similarities with a crash involving the same 
    type of plane of Indonesia(印尼) last October. The aircraft came down near the capital Addis Abba a week ago, killing all one hundered and 
    fifty seven people on board. From the city, Calitan Nibota reports.

    Ethiopia Transport Minister says fight data shows clear parallels exist between last week's disaster and Lion Air's accident last october. 
    Both planes were Boeing 737 Max 8 aircraft.

    The minister Dagmawit Moges told journalists that French aviation investigatiors(航空调查员) have completed work on the flight data and cockpit
    voice(驾驶舱语音记录仪) recorders and handed over their finding to their Ethiopian counterparts. Preliminary results are expected to be released 
    with a month. 

    Israel's(以色列) high court has disqualified the leader of the ultra-right(极右翼) Jewish Power party Michael Ben-Ari from running(参与) an 
    April's general election, overturning(驳回) a decision of the Central Election Commmittee.

    It's the first time a single candidate, not an entire list has been barred from taking part. Mr. Ben-Ari attacked the decision. There is a 
    judicial junta(司法集团) here which wants to take over our lives. They tell you there's a democracy here. It's not a democracy.

    There's judicial junta here, unfortunately, which took power into its hands(已经取得了权利). 

    World news from the BBC.

    