    Hello, I'm Neil Nunes with the BBC News. Aid workers say flood waters caused by Cyclone Idai have completely submerged an area fifty kilometers
    wide in central Mozambique. 

    The coastal(沿海的) city of Beira, home to half a million people, has been all but destroyed by the storm. A thousand people are feared dead,
    dozens have also been killed in neighbouring Malawi and Zimbabwe.

    Hingan Yorker is in the province of Manicaland. The number of dead has increased hour by hour, so we're expecting that as the military repair
    the roads and has access into some of the deepest affected areas, that the number will rise. We've seen pictures that are posted on social 
    media, with some people remain trpped under these rock slides, marooned(孤立无援的) on these mountains and the extent to the devastation, many 
    would admit it, including authorities, is still unknown to them. The chief executive of the American entertainment company Warner Brothers has 
    resigned follwing allegations that he promised film roles to an actree in return for sex. Kevin Sujihara has been in charge of the studio for 
    six years.

    Published text messages appearred to show conversations beteeen Mr. Tsujihara and a British actree where they were in a sexual relationship.
    The British Prime Minister Theresa May will chair a meeting of the cabinet later after her Brexit plan suffered a further setback(挫折).

    Officials said the decision of the Speaker of the House of Commmons to block a possible vote on her deal with the EU made things significantly
    more complicated. Here is Alex Vosaliv.

    It had been expected that Theresa May could try to get her Brexit deals through parliament for a third time as soon as today. Now that's off 
    the table(不可能). Within government talks are underway about that to do next, the Children's minister Nadhim Zahawi suggested parliament could 
    agree to set aside(搁置) the speaker's ruling(裁决) and go ahead with the third vote on the prime minister's Brexit deal.

    If not, officials have suggested the speaker's decision increases the chance of a long delay rather than a no-deal Brexit. Rights campaigners 
    have condemned the jailing(监禁) of a prominent activist in the Russian REpublic of Chechnya.

    Human Rights Watch described Oyub Titiev's conviction(认罪) as a gross injustice. It said the ruling risks emboldening(鼓励) the Chechnya leader 
    Ramzan Kadyroven in his efforts to silence humman rights abuses.

    The operator(运营商) of the metro(地铁) in Japan's second city Osaka, has closed its foeign language wesites after a number of translation errors
    were discovered on its English page.

    The mistakes included calling the Sakaisuji subway line, the Sakai muscle line. Officials said they had used online translation software.

    BBC News.

    
