    Disney company has completed its takeover of 21th Century Fox in a deal that could dramatically reshape Hollywood and the world of entertainment.
    The move cast doubts over the jobs of thousands of workers. from Los Angeles, here's David Willis.

    The Walt Disney company has acquired two thirds of a 21th Century Fox for a cool 71billion dollars. That's a move that industry insiders say 
    will dramatically alter the entertainment landscape.

    The deal paves the way for Disney to launch its own streaming service Disney Plus later this year and to tis already impressive stable of films
    and franchises(特权), among them Star Wars, the Muppets(布偶大电影) and some of the Marvel characters(漫威角色).

    It can now add a whole new range of film and TV shows, including Dead Pool(死侍), Avator(阿凡达) and X-Men. The acting President(代理总统)
    of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev has said the country'scapital should be renamed Nursultan in honor of his predecessor.

    Mr. Tokayev was speaking the day after Nurultan Nazarbayev announced he was resigning from the post he had for nearly thirty years. He'll 
    continue to play a leading role in Kazakhstan as chairman of the security Council and head of the ruling party.

    Police in South Korea have arrested four men suspected of having secretly filmed hundreds of guests in thir motel(汽车旅馆) rooms and live-streamed 
    the footage(连续镜头) on a pay-per-view website. The videos were live-streamed to pay-perview members. From Soeul, Laura Bicker reports.

    The men had placed tiny cameras in digital TV boxes, wall sockets and hair dryer holders in around thirty motels in ten cities throughout 
    South Korea. Special cyber investigation temas discovered that the cameras had filmed over eight hundred video clips of couples over several 
    months.

    Most had been live-streamed to website to pay-per-view members. Four menn have been arrested and police estimate they earn around seven thousand 
    dollars form the site.

    The National Portrait Gallery in London has welcomed the decision of the Sackler Trust(Sackler信托基金) to withdraw a 1.3-million-dollar 
    donation amid continuing concerns about the manufacture(制造) and marketing(销售) of an addictive painkiller.

    Teh family's pharmaceutical(配药的) firm is facing civil lawsuits in the United States over claims that Purdue Pharma pshed doctors to prescribe
    the drug and misrepresented the risks of addiction associated with its long term use.

    The family denies all the allegations. Britaiin's Prime Minister Theresa May will write to the head of the European Council today to formally 
    ask for Brexit to be postponed.

    It's understood she'll request only a short extension till the end of june. Any delay beyond Britain scheduled departure date of March 29 will 
    need the approval of the leaders of all 27 other EU states. 

    BBC News.
    




