    BBC News. hello, I'm Jerry Smit. The German Chancellor Angela Merkel has promised again to work till the last hour to try to ensure that 
    Britain leaves the EU in an orderly fashion. She told parliament in Berlin that she was in the interestes of all sides, and urged everybody 
    to focus on the task ahead.

    It's clear that this is no easy task, but if we want an orderly solution, then we have to concentrate all our efforts in the remainning days on 
    making it possible.

    And i believe that with the withdrawal documents, sufficient progress has been made. Mrs. Merkel said EU leaders were told intensive discussions 
    later today above the British Prime Minister Theresa May's request to extend the deadline for Brexit, Britain's exit till the thirieth of June.
    She said leaders were minded to grant it fi the British parliament approved the exit deal next week, and it such a move didn't jeopardize(损害)
    European Parliamentary elections in May. Serach and rescue teams in Southern Africa are continuing to look for people stranded(搁浅) by the 
    floods following Cyclone Idai which brought havoc(大破坏) to Mozambique, Malawi and Zimbabwe last week. Emergency adi operations have been 
    stepped up to bring food, water and shelter to hundreds of thousands of people displaced across the region by the storm. Here is Virgo King. 
    There's been no rain overnight in Beira and none this morning. Rescue flights are again underway from the city's airport.

    The operation has so far depended on a small number of helicopters, as few as four, with thousands of people still stranded in remote districts.
    Flying over one area about half an hour form Beira, we saw hundrerds of people gathered on diffferent patches of high ground.

    The World Food Program is expecting more helicopters to arrive today and in the next few days, increasing the capacity for rescure and delivery 
    of food and medical supplies.

    The Prime Minister of New Zealand Jacinda Ardern has announced an immediate ban on the sale of assault rifles and military-style semi-automatic 
    weapons.

    The easure comes six days after a gunman stormed mosques in the city of Christchurch, murdering fifty people. Ms. Ardern said more legislation 
    would follow.

    The weapons available in New Zealand are noly part of the problem and loopholes(漏洞) with our current law continue to exist. Be assured this 
    is just the beginning of the work we need to do.

    The country will observe a two minutes silence on Friday to remember the Christchruch victims.

    New from the BBC.

    