    Hello, I'm David Harper with the BBC News.

    Kurdish-led forcesh have declared a final territorial victory over the Islamic State
    group jihadist in eastern Syria.

    The US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces have been engaged in fierce fighting 
    with the remaining militants outside the village of Baghouz Aleem Maqbool is 
    in Syria.

    The official declaration finally came from the Syrian Democratic Forces that 
    the so-called caliphate(伊斯兰教政权) had been totall eliminated.

    It followed a massive offensive(进攻) eralier this week on the last stronghold(据点)
    of the Islamic State group in the town of Baghouz.

    Local forces have since been involved in mopping-up operations(扫荡搜寻工作),
    fighting militants who were hidden in tunnels, clearing unexploded ordance 
    and boody trap devices, and also it appears(似乎) removing what ae estimated 
    to have been many hundrreds of bodies.

    While people in this region have been celebrating the territorial defeat of 
    IS, there is clear recognition that this is by no means an end to the threat 
    posed by group and the fight against it will go on.

    There were reports that the Saudi-led military coalition in Yemen has launched 
    arstrikes against Houthi rebels in the capital Sanaa.

    Saudi media said the Dailami air bese had been targeted.

    One of the two mosques in New Zealand where a gunman shot dead fifty people has 
    reopened eight days after the massacre(大屠杀).

    The AI Noor Mosque where the killing began had been closed during  police investigations 
    into the shootings.

    Officials in Afghanistan say at least three people have been killed in two 
    explosions at a staduim in the southern city of Lashkargah, the capital of 
    Helmand province.

    A senior civil servant is among the dead, the deputy governor of Helmand was 
    injured, but officials said the governor escaped unhurt.

    About a thousand people had gathered at an event to mark Afghanistan's National 
    Farmer's Day.


    There's tight security in Paris ahead of a further day of protests by the yellow 
    vests movement.

    Police have banned demonstrators from the Champs-Elysees after rioters(暴乱分子)
    descroyed businesses last Saturday. Here's Hugh Schofield.

    Last Saturday, shoppers and tourists watched in horror the scenes of lawlessness
    along the Champs-Elysees that the government says cant't be allowed to happen 
    again. And so for today, the Paris police chief has been replaced.

    Fines(惩罚) for illgal assembly have been incresed, and the area around the 
    Champs-Elysess has been declared off-limits(禁止入内).

    For the first time, soldiers normally on anti-terrorism patrols are to be 
    deployed today outside public buildings in order to free up(减轻,释放) police.

    But that's raised worries about what happens if troops armed with assault 
    rifles(突击步枪) and untrained for riot control(未经过防爆训练的士兵) find 
    themselves cornered by a mob. 

    BBC news.

    

