    BBC News.

    President Trump has overturned(撤销) decades of US policy 
    by saying it is time for Washington to recognize Israeli 
    sovereignty over the Golan Heights territory, which was 
    captured(占据) from Syria during the Six-Day War 1967.

    The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, visibly 
    happy at the developemnt, said President Trump has made 
    history.

    The U.U president's move(举动) comes just ahread of Israel's
    general election.

    More than 70 passengers in an overcrowded Iraqi ferry have 
    drowned in the Tigris Rivers after the vessel sank near the 
    city of mosuql.

    Many of the victims were women and children on the trip to mark 
    the Kurdish New Year.

    European Union leaders are discusssiong whether to grant 
    Britain its request for an extension to the Brexit process 
    with no approval deal in place, and the deadline for departure
    just 8 days away.

    A copy of the draft conslusion indicates they will approve 
    a delay in principle, but make it confitional(条件是) on the Britain 
    parliament to approving the negotiated exit deal.

    The House of Commions has rejected the deal twice.

    The former president of Brazil Michel Temer has been arrested
    in charges of corruption.

    He is connection with a long-running investigation known as 
    Operation Car Wash.

    The probe has embroiled(涉及) dozens of politicians and 
    business executives. Mr. Tember denies any wrongdoing.

    Aid workers are racing against time to get emergency 
    supplies to hundreds of thousands of people affected by 
    Cyclone Idai which struck southern Africa a week ago.

    A spokesman for World Food Program said distributing aid 
    was a major problem.

    Faceboom says it has fixed the security issue which meant 
    that millions of people's passwords have been stored in plain 
    text for years.


    The company said there was no sign that anyone had accessed 
    the data impropely.

    And that's the summary from BBC News.

    



