    Hello, I'm Debbie Russ with the BBC News. An operation to rescue thirteen hundred 
    people from a cruise ship(游轮) in trouble in rough seas of Norway's West Coast
    is continuing through the night. Anthony Zahra has this report. The Viking Sky 
    was on its way from Tromso in the far north of Norway to Stavanger in the south 
    when it lost power in both engines.

    It was drifting towards the notorious(著名的) Hustaadvika coast until the crew 
    managed to restart one engine and drop anchor(抛锚) two and a half miles offshore.
    Despite being butteted(冲击) by huge waves and strong winds, around a hundred 
    passengers have been rescued.

    They're being removed one by one by helicopter. A handful of passengers have been 
    taken to hospital. At least one hundred and ten people have been killed in 
    central Mali in an attack on the Fulani ethnic group, one of the worst such 
    assaults in recent years.

    Ambassadors form the UN Security Council are currently in Mali to address the 
    increasing levels of ethnic and jihadist(圣战组织) violence. Anti-Brexit campaigners 
    say more than a million people took part in a march in London to demand that 
    the public are given a final say on Brtain's departure from the EU. The process 
    has been plunged into chaos by Parliament's rejection of the Prime Minister 
    Theresa May's Brexit deal.


    Newspaper reports suggest members of her cabinet are planning to oust(弹劾)
    her. More details from our political correspondent Lain Waston. The Prime Minister 
    still isn't positioned(安置) to bring her own deal back to Parliament to ask 
    for another vote.(要求另一次的投票)

    She's worried to that will not to get through next week, so that's obviously 
    fueled speculation(猜测) about her own position(立场). I've been speaking to 
    senior Conservative Mps tonight and some of them have told me that they've told 
    her to her face that she needs to stand down or unknowns that she should stand 
    down soon. It's just for any hope of taking control of the agenda next week.
    One idea that's been floated is actually that she resigns as party leader but 
    on her prime minister through the remaining Brexit process, so that leadership 
    contest can be announced. There habe been protests in the US city of Pittsburgh 
    after the acquittal(无罪) of a white police officer who shot dead a black teenager
    last year.

    Hundreds of people gathered to march to the University of Pittsburgh campus. 
    On Fridy, a jury acquitted(无罪) Michael Rosfeld of homicide(杀人行为) after 
    he shot Antwon Rose who was seventeen as he was running away.

    Turkey's banking watchdog has opened an investigation into the investment bank 
    JP Mogan,  accusing it of causing a major slump(大下降) in the country's currency 
    on Friday.

    The banking regulator said the advice published by JP Morgan analysts urging 
    invstors to sell the Trukish lira in favor of US dollars had caused volatility(波动)
    in financial markets.

    On Friday, the lira plunged more than four percent against the dollar.

    BBC News.






