    Hello, this is the BBC news with Fiona MacDonald. President Trump says he's 
    been completely exonerated(免罪) by the special counsel(检察官) Robert Mueller's 
    report, which says there's no evidence his campaign team colluded with Russia 
    over the 2016 election. The president said the inquiry was part of a failed 
    effort to take him down. Jon Scopel reports from Washington.

    The clound of the Mueller inquiry that has hung over this predidency for 22 months
    has parted(散去). On collusion between the Trump campaign and the Russians, the 
    verdict(裁定) was there had been none.

    On obstruction of justice(妨碍司法公正), Mr Mueller was more ambiguous, saying 
    while this report doesn't conclude that the president committed a crime, it also 
    doesn't exonerate him.

    Democrats think there are many more quetions to answer under demanding to see 
    the full Mueller report, not just the four-page summar provided by the Trump 
    appointed attorney general.

    Israeli police say a rocket fire from  the Palestinian administered Gaza strip 
    has hit a house in central Israel. So far, no noe has said they carried out the 
    attack. From Jerusalem. Yolande Knell has this report.

    According to Israwli emergency services, the house caught on fire after it was 
    hit by the rocket, several members of noe family were injured. This is the furthest 
    rocket has reached in Israel since the 2014 confict with Hamas militants in 
    Gaza.

    The launch took place as Egyptian security officials were in Gaa to try to 
    negotiate a longer term ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. The delegation 
    had just arrived, the last time rockets were fired at Tel Aviv when nobody 
    was hurt.

    The Israeli military then attacked some one hundred targets in Gaza. The number 
    of people known to have contracted Ebola in the eastern Democratic Republic of 
    Congo has for the first time exceeded one thousand.

    This confirms that the current outbreak is the second larget ever recorded. 
    More than six hundred people habe died scine last August. New cases have increased 
    sharply over the past week.

    Two students from a Florida high school where seventenn people were shot dead 
    last year have killed themselves within a week of each oter. The family of Sydney 
    Aiello, who died last week, said she had been treated for post traumatic(创伤的)
    stress disorder caused by the shootings.

    The name of another student, a boy who's also taken his own his life hasn't 
    been made public. The heir to the British throne, Prince Charles has begun 
    the first official visit to Cuba by a member of the royal family since Fidel 
    Castro led the revolution in 1959.

    Prince Charles and his wife Camilla laid a wreath of flowers at the memorial 
    of the Cubn independence hero Jose Marti in Revolution Square. The British 
    government wants to boost trade with Cuba.

    BBC News.

    
