    Hello, this is David Austin with the BBC news. A pecial unit of Maltai's armed forces has boarded a merchant ship, the Elhiblu 1, alleged 
    to have been by migrants and brought into the port in the capital Valletta. Women and children have been taken off the vessel.

    Malta's prime minister Muscat said all international rules will be followed as police investigate the incident. Here's James Reynolds. 
    It look kike the merchant ship rescued the migrants off the coast of Libya, Tuesday into Wednesday.

    The report suggests that when the migrants thought the ship was going to return them to Libya, they took control of the boat the they started 
    sailing north and the nearest Eurpopean country north is Malta.

    The Maltese special forces overnight(连夜) boarded the ship, wook back control of it, and then sailed it towards their own capital Valletta 
    and thta's where the ship is now.

    TV picture showed that three men apparently migrants have been taken off with handcjuff suggesting that they may be the focus for a police 
    inquiry.

    Those not involved in the hijacking(劫机) may feel that it was worth it because they have made it to Europe. The British government is renewing 
    its efforts to save the Brexit deal negotiated by the Prime Minister Theresa May, which has twice been rejected by parliament. Further talks 
    are expected with a key Northern Irish party which says it will not support it.

    Alternatives to the deal failed to break the deadloc. Our politicl editor is Laura Kuenssberg. we are either looking at the Prime Minister goint 
    to Brusselsand having to say that we need a long extension or the country is seriously seriously heading towards leaving without a deal. 
    Because remember, there is a deadline here and if this deal doesn't pass by the end of the week, it's not automatic that the EU will say yes 
    to Britain's request, potential request for another delay. This couldn't really be more serious. New Zealand's Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern 
    has welcomed Facebook's decision to block support and representation of white nationnalism on Facebook and Instagram. She said these categories 
    should always be considered thate speech. 

    Facebook has come under pressure after a man live streamed in attack on two New Zealand mosques wich killed fifty people. An eighty-five-year-old 
    Japanese man who said he'd been forced to confess to a murder he didn't commit has been released. 

    Koli Miyata spent thirteen years in prision follwing the stabbing of his fried. The judge in the Japanese city of Kumamoto found that there was 
    no material evidence liking him to crime.

    That's the latest BBC news.