    BBC News with Sue Montgomery. A country in one of New York suburbs(郊区) is declaring a state of emergency iin response to severe outbreak
    of measles(荨麻疹). 

    For the next thirty days, anyone under eighteen who is unvaccinated will be barred form public spaces in Rockland County. Its executive ED Day 
    explained the reasons behind the action.

    It's not that it will never happen. But what we're saying here is that it's not foucus. The focus of this is to gt your attention. Understand 
    that the color of law now, you need to get this done or you all but this way, you cannot bring your children to public assembly areas unless they 
    are immunized. So  either do one, two things: comply with law or get a shot. You get a shot,he kids can have a good time.

    The first official details ave emerged of a raid(突袭) in February y armed intruders on North korea's embassy in Spain. Our Korea correspondent 
    Laura Bicker reports form Seoul.

    The group calling themselves the cheollima Civil Defence first hit the headlines in 2017. At that point, they claimed to have provided protection 
    for Kim Han-sol, the son of Kim Jong-n's half brother who was assassinated(刺杀) with a nerve agent at an airpoirt in Malaysia. They've issued 
    a statament on their website disputing the description of the raid on a North Korean embassy in Madrid as an attack.

    A national court judge in Spain said an investigation had uncovered evidence that the intruder had shackled(给某人带上镣铐) embassy statff 
    and urged North Korea's noly diplomat(外交官) in Spain to defect(缺点/叛逃) before escaping with computers, hard drives and documents.

    Aid worker in Yemen say an air strike(空袭) near a hospital in the northwest of the country killed at least seven people, four of them children.
    The aid agency Save The Children wich helps fund the Kitaf rural hospital said two other adults were unaccounted for.

    A further eight people werewounded in teh attack which is believed to have been carried out(执行,完成) by teh  Saudi-led coalition(联盟)
    fighting Houthi rebles in Yemen. Save The Children has condemned both sides in the war for their conduct.

    A British man wanted on drugs charges in Australia has been arrested after trying to flee the conutry on a jet ski(摩托艇). Police say he 
    was trying to make the 150-kilometer journey across the Torres Strait to Papua New Guinea. Hywel Griffith in Sydney has the story.

    The man was spotted launching a jet skioff Cape York, Australia's most northely point. He is thought to have been armet with a crossbow and 
    carrying enough fuel and supuplies to make the journeuy throught the Torres Strait's chain of islands.

    Border force officers were sent to apprehend(逮捕) him and made the arrest on Saibai Island just a couple of miles south of Papua New Guinea.
    He is due to be lown to western Australia where there's a warrant(授权) for this arrest.





