     Hello, I'm Julie Candler with the BBC News. The British Prime Minister Theresa May has set a longer dealy to Berxit is now almost inevitable
     after Mps rejected her withdrawal agreement for a third time. Mrs. May said the outcome had grave implications with the deadline for Brexit noew 
     the 12 of April.

     She said she feared Parlimament was reaching the limits of the process. Laura Kuenssberg is following events. So that happens next? Well, tonight 
     even members of the cabinet aren't sure if we know anything about Theresa May.

     It's not impossible that somehow she will come up with another way of trying to get her deal throught again. But remember MPs are working 
     together behind the scenes to try to come up with a solution, probably a softer Brexit that could find a majority in the House of Commons sometimes 
     soon. But in either case, it'slikely the government will have to ask the EU for a longer extension with conditions attached.

     The head of the European Council Donald Tusk has called a special meeting of EU leaders for two days before the new Brexit deadline. They will
     consider any request that Britain might make for alonger extension.

     But the European Commission has said a no deal Brexit was now a likely scenario. The US Attorney General Willam Barr has told Congress that 
     he will release by Mid April a redacted copy of the report by the special counsel Robert Muller into Russian interference in the 201. The 
     report cleared President Trump of colluding with Sussia, but reached no conclusion about whether he had obstructed justice. Here is Gary O'Donoghue.
    Ever since Wiliam Barr published a four-page letter last weekend, briefly setting out Robert Muller's conclusions, there's been a clamor 
    from democrats for the whole report to be made public. now, the Attorney General says that will happen in the next couple of weeks, though 
    parts of the almost four-hundred-page documents wll be withheld.

    Mr. Barr has also agreed to appear before two congressional committees at the beginning of May. Four North African countries Algeria, Morocco,
    Mauritania, and Tunisia amounting a joint applications to UNESCO, the United Nation's Cultural and scientific Organizaton to have the regional 
    dish couscous granted special heritage status. A staple across North africa and the Sahel, couscous is made from steamed crushed wheat and is 
    often served with this spicy stew(炖菜) and vegetables. BBC News.




