    Hello, this is David Austin with the BBCnerws. Palestinian protesters are gathering at the boundary between Gaza and Israel for a mass raly to mrk 
    the start of weekly protests a year ago.

    Israel has massed extra troops along the border, including tanks and snipers(狙击手). Television pictures showed tyres burning near the border 
    fence and several youths using  slingshots(弹弓) to throw stones.

    As Tom Bateman reports, one man was killed by Isreell fire overnight. There were conflicting reports ass whether he had been shot by Israeli 
    troops or whether he had been hit by shrapnel(流弹).

    The Israeli Army said that it had targeted Hamas position last night because it said there were more violent night-time protests at the fence.
    There's been a fairly regular occurence over recent weeks. I mean, this kind of incident can hapedn, does happen relatively frequently at the 
    fence.

    We understand it didn't happen at one of the protest sites, but I've seen the context of what's happening today adds to the tension. Nearly two 
    hundred Palestinians have been killed since the protests began a year ago, along with one Israeli soldier.

    Slovak is voting in a second and final round of a presidential election. Opinion polls suggested Zuuzara Caputova will be the country's first 
    woman president Rob Cameron reports.

    Zuzana Caputova is framing this election as a struggle between good and evil. Last year, Jan Kuciak, a young journalist looking into high-level
    corruption and links between politicians and organized crime was gunned down along with his fiance(未婚夫/妻). Caputova says his death is one 
    of the reasons why she's running for office.

    She has almost no experience of politics, a stark constrast to her challenger Maros Sefcovic. He's a seasoned(经验丰富的) diplomat and one of 
    the six vice presidents of the European Commission.

    It's been another blackout in much of Venezuela on the eve of an opposition march over the continuing electricity crisis. Opposition leaders 
    say the powercuts have affedcted twenty-one of the twenty-three states.

    Most Venezuelans are growing impatient with the lack of a dependable electricity supply and blame President Maduro. But the government has 
    claimed the blackout is the result of sabotage(蓄意破坏).

    Park rangers in Thailand have helped rescue six baby elephants who are trapped in muddy pond for at least two days. The calves(小东西), thought 
    to be between one and four ears old, could not climb up the steep siders of the watering hole in central Thailand.

    Rangers used pick axes to dig a ramp that allowed the elephants to escape and rejoin their mothers who were waiting a short distance away. And 
    those are the latest stories from BBC news.



