    This is the BBC News. Hello, I'm Jonathan Izard. The opposition in Turkey appears to have won back control of the country;'s largest city 
    Istanbul after local elections seen as a test of the popularity of the President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. From Istanbul, Mark Lowen 
    reports. It seemed to be unimaginable, but Trukey's opposition candidate looks like he's done it, taking control of the country's econnomic
    powerhouse Istanbul. It went down to the wire(公布) last night. The governing AK Party candidate, a former prime minister himself claimed 
    victory here prematurely(提前).

    There is a Turikish saying whoever wins Istanbul wins Trukey, and lsing this city will be an agonizing blow(重大打击) to President Erdogan. 
    But his pain didn't stop there. In the capital Ankara, te opposition celebrated a win after a quarter of a century gaining several other 
    cities too as the tide turns in their favor(转变为有利的条件) . Facebook is removing nearly seven hundred pages and accounts, it says, are linked
    to India's main opposition Congress party.

    It comes just ten days before voting begins in the country's general election. Electra Naismith reports. Facebook's Head of Cybersecurity Policy 
    Nathaniel Gleicher said the target was what he called coordinated inauthentic behabior, fake accounts where people deliberately hid their identities 
    to mislead others. He said Facebook uncovered six hundred and eighty-seven pages in accounts in India all linked to an IT cell belonging to 
    the Congress party. Sample post promoted views of Congress prty candidates and criticized the governing BJP.

    It's rare for Facebook to take action against a prominent political party in a country where it has over three hundred million users. But Facebook 
    stresses it's targeting behavior rather than content.

    South Africa's minister of international relations Lindiwe Sisulu says the government is doing everything within its power to ensure that people 
    are safe following attacks on foreign nationals in the coastal province of KwaZulu-Natal.

    Last week, dozens of people, many from Malawi, were forced from their homes by angry mobs. The UN commission of human rights has accused Brunei 
    of trying to implement curel and inhunman laws after it said gay sex and adultery(通奸) would soon be punishable by death. Michell Bachelet has
    urged the country to abandon the planned changes, which are due to come into force(强制实施) on Wednesday.

    The new measures would also introduce public flogging(鞭刑) for abortion(堕胎) adn amputation for theft. The Sultan of Brunei has described 
    the legislation as a great achievement.

    A Roman Catholic group in Poland has posted pictures of priests burning fantasy books they consider sacrileious(亵渎), including the Harry 
    Potter and Twilight novels.

    The SMS from Heaven Foundatjon claimed biblical(圣经教义的) justification for its actions. 

    BBC News.

