    Hello, this is David Austin with the BBC News. The party of Trukey's Persident Recep Tayyip Erdogan is formally contesting the result of Sunday's 
    local election in ever district of tjhe country's biggest cit, Istanbul. It lost control of several key areas in the polls, including the capital 
    Ankara. Our Turkey correspondent Mark Lowen reports.

    President Erdogan, it seems, isn't quite ready to let go of his own backyard, his AK pParty officially contesting results in the city where 
    he was born and was once mayor.

    The election board said the oppositon CHP candidate won Istanbul by around twenty-five thousand votes, but the governing party has complained
    of irregularities and would challenge them in every district.

    Victory posters for the government have gone up on billoards in Istanbul, which the opposition says is an attempt to impose its position 
    and steal the result.

    Losing major cities is a significant blow(沉重打击) to the president, breaking his image of invincibility(无敌形象)。 The European Union's chief 
    Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has said it's becoming likeyly by the day that Britain will leave the EU without a deal ten days from now.
    He warned there are only ways to avoid it. Either the British Parliament backed the withdrawal agreement on the table since November, or the
    Prime Minister Theresa May ask for a lengthy extension to the withdrawal process. The Iranian military has been helping people stranded(困住)
    by flooding in a large area in the west to the country.

    Torrential raiins have led to the deaths of at least forty-five people in Iran in the past two weeks. Alan Johnston reports. There's particular
    concern over the situation in the towns of Pol-e-Dokhatr and Mamulan.

    They've both been partly submerged and army helicopters habe been giving assistance. Some people have been forced to take refuge on their rooftops;
    others have fled to higher ground.

    Further south in the province of Khuzestan, the authorities have ordered the evacuation of seventy villages threatened by more flooding.
    The smart phone messaging service WhatsApp has set up a hotline for users in India as part of efforts to combat fake news.

    It allows people to submit messages to a verification center to see whether the content is true, false or misleading. The FAcebook-owned business 
    has faced criticism after violence triggered by rummours circulating(传播) on the app.

    A Roman Catholic diocese(主管教区) in Spain is hosting courses that are like undercoer reporter says it designed to cure gay men of homosexuality.
    Despite laws banning such classes, an untrained counselor(顾问) told the journalist that she risked going to prison for giving him advice on 
    how to stop being homosexual. The church has denied offering gay cures.

    BBC News.