    Hello, I'm Marion Marshall with the BBC News. The former motor
    tycoon Carlos Ghosn has said the charge pressed against him 
    by Japanese prosecutors are the result of a plot(阴谋) by Nissen
    executives(高管), which he descrbed as treason. The comment was
    in his first interview since being arrested in November. Celia
    Hatton reports.

    Speaking from a Tokyo detention(拘留) cneter to Janpan's Nikei 
    newspaper, the man who once headed(领导) tree car companies, Carlos
    Ghosn, hit back(回击) against a mounting number of financial misconduct(不良行为)
    charges.

    Mr. Ghosn said that some in Nissan opposed his plan to intergate
    Renault, the French car company he headed, with its Japanese 
    alliance partners Nissan(日产) and Mistubishi(三菱).

    They wanted to get rid of him, he said. The former allience had 
    denied any wrongdoing, including underreporting(减少报道) his salary
    and using Nissan's money to covery personal investment losses.

    He said those decisions had been signed off by colleagues at Nissan.
    The Venezuelan(委内瑞拉) President Nicolas Maduro has said he's open to holding
    internationally mediated(协调) talks on the crisis in his country.

    He was spearking to Russia's state news agency. Sarah Rainsford reports
    from Moscow. This was a defiance(挑战), Nicolas Maduro speaking to the 
    Russian news agency RIA, he insited that his victory in elections
    last spring had been legitimate and transparent. He said if Ameria
    and others wanted a fresh vote, then they'd have to wait to the end 
    of his current term in 2025.

    But Nicolas Maduro also appeared to make a concession(妥协). He said he was 
    ready to sit down for talks with the country's opposition for the sake 
    of peace in the presence of international intermediaries(协商).

    He was spearking ahead of a day(昨天刚说完话  然后之后) of protests in Venezuelan called by the opposition 
    leader Juan Guaido, who's been recongnized as the country's interim leader 
    by the US and others.

    More than four hundered schools in the Thai(泰国) capital Bangkok(曼谷) have been ordered 
    to close because of hazardous levels of smog(雾霾). The governor of Bangkok said classes
    at all city-run schools were canceld for the rest of week because of concerns for 
    the health of students.

    The citie's pollution levels stood at about a hunderd and seventy micrograms per cubic meter,
    which is considered unhealthy for everyone and particularly bad for childern and elderly.

    Police in Australia say they intend to bring charges(起诉) against one of the country's best known
    and most successufl racehorse trainer(驯马师). Darren Weir was arrested along with two men during 
    a raid(突袭) at his stables in the state of Victoria as part of a corruption inquiry

    Police seized a number of items including a firearm(枪支) and four taser(装置)-like devices that could 
    be used to administer an electric shock(电击震动) to a horse. 

    BBC news.