    This is the BBC News. Hello, I'm Jonathan lzard. The man who was declared himself President fo Venezuela(委瑞内拉) Juan Guaido says the 
oppsitions has been holding secret meetings with the military as it seeks to force Nicolas Maduiro from office. David Wills reports. 
Juan Guiaido said clandestine(私下的,秘密的) meetings have been taking place between the opposition and members of militrary and the security fores, 
the majority of whose members he claimed regarded the current situation in Venezuela as untenalbe. The United States, which recognizes 
Mr. Guaido as Venezuela's interim president, is using econmic pressure in an effort to persuade the mitrary to swith sides, freezing assets belonging
to the Maduro administration and searching the world for additional assets that could turn into hunmanitarian(人道主义的) funding  for the opposition. 
German media report say the three biggest EU members states have officially set up a payment channel to facilitate business transactions(交易) with Iran(伊朗)
and circumvent(规避) US sanctions(制裁). The intergovernmental Instrument in Support of Trade Exchange or INSETX was set up by Britain, France and Germany.

    That'll be based(总部位于) in Paris and managed by a German. A leaked government report in India syas the country's unemployment rate has risen to record levels.
That assessment published in the Business Standrad Newspaper showed the unemployment rate stands at 6.1 percent, the highest since 1972. Here's our South Asia  
editor Anbrathan Antirajon. Though the Indian economy has been expanding by more than seven percent annually, the uneven growth has meant there are not enough
jobs created for millions of young Indians entering the workforce each year.

    It's not good news for the Prime Minister Narendra Modi just months before a general election. The job survey also become a political issue after the chariman 
of the National Statistical Commission(国家统计委) and his colleague resigned on Wednesday saying there were unhanppy at the government's decision not to publish the 
data that had been de for release in Decemer. The data is significant because this was the first comprehensive assessment of Indian's employment situation conducted(下令)
after Mr. Modi's decision in November 2016 to withdraw most of the country's banknotes(钞票) from circulation(发行量) overnight. The conservative American Senator Rand paul
has won five hunderd and eighty thousand dollars in damages and medical expenses after being attacked by his neighbour in a dispute over lawn maintenance. Mr. Paul, a 
former presidential hopeful, said he had feared for his life after Rene Boucher assaulted him and broke several of hi ribs because hs was unhappy at piles of brnaches 
the Senator had left on the boundary between their lawns in Kentuck. Mr Bourcher is to appeal.

    BBC News 

