    Hello, I'm Eileen Mckue with the BBC News. US-backed are continuing an 
    all-out（全面) offisive to defeat hundreds of Islmaic(伊斯兰) State fighters
    from their last hold out in northeastern Sria(叙利亚).

    IS militants are reported to be puting up fierce resistence(抵抗). Sebastian 
    Usher reports. Air strikes by the US-led coalition(联盟) and artillery(炮兵部队)
    fire have pummeled(连续打) the IS postiion which measures about four square kilometres.

    The SDF, a Kurdish-led alicance believes it will shortly achieve a decisive 
    victory. They may still be up to six hundreds IS fighters in the area.
    Throusand of civilians have escaped but others are believed to remain.

    IS does still hold another scrap of territory in Syria and it continues to 
    carry out dozens of attacks. Even if it loses every last frament of its 
    once-vaunted(自我吹捧的) and self-decleared caliphate(伊斯兰领土), the group 
    still poses a potent(潜在的) in both Syria and Irag. Trade and conlict will 
    dominate discussions at the African Union Summit, which is getting underway(在进行中)
    in the Ethiopain capital Addis Ababa. Paritical emphasis is being placed on 
    more than twenty milion people who have been fored to flee this house becuase 
    of wars. Emmanuel Igunza reports from the meeting.

    The UN Refugee Agency says Arica holds more than a quarter of the wold's 
    refugees and internal displace(无家可归的人)， a total of more than twenty 
    million people. The leders will also discuss efforts to integate the continent's 
    trade polices, follwoing the signing last year of an European Union style 
    free maket agreement. The African Union has embarked on a series of reforms 
    to streamline(提高) its operations and make it less dependent on international
    support. It hopes the changes can also help the AU shed(摆脱) its image of a body 
    that has plans and ambitions but achieve little. "shed 后边看为一个整体"

    India says more than 1700 people have died in various incident of human-elephant
    conflict in the past three years. In the same period, the Ministry of Environment 
    says 373 elephants lost their lives due ot electrocution(触电) and poaching(偷猎).

    This report from Anbrathan Antirajon. Wild expert say deforeststaion(深林砍伐)
    and expanding human settlements along space of forest used by elephants 
    known as elephants corridors(走廊) as the reasons for the high number of deaths 
    of both humans and the animanls. Farmers trying to chase away marauding(抢掠的) 
    elephants using firecrackers(鞭炮), drums(锣鼓) and fire bombs have become 
    a regular occurrence,particularly in state like Assam, West Bengal and Tamil 
    Nadu. Desperate farmters often put up illegal electric fences to stop the 
    animals from destorying the crops leading to elehants deaths.

    India is home to the largest population of Asian elephants in the world 
    and estimatedd twenty-seven thousand animals. World news from the BBC.





