    Hello, I'm Nick Kelly with the BBC News. Democrats(民主党) and Republics(共和党)
    in the United States say the've reached an aggrement in priciple on border 
    security that they hope will avoid a second government shutdown. They hope to 
    turn the agrrement into legislation by Wednesday, two days before the current 
    federal funding funding agreement runs out. Gary O'Donghue reports.

    The tentative(尝试性的) deal reached between Republics and Democrats still has 
    to be finalized(落实), but sources(线人) close to the negotations suggests the 
    president may only get around a quarter(四分之一) of the 5.7 billon dollars he 
    was looking for to build more border wall. The big uncertaintly is what the 
    President will be prepared to sign(签署).

    At a rally(集会) in elPaso in teaxs last night, he was was giving little away(give away透露) 
    about his attitude to the emerging deal. What there was at the rally was plenty of
    heated(激进的) rhetoric(言论) about illegal immigrants and crime, and of course,
    fake news with my BBC cameraman Ron Skins attacked by a Trump supporter as he 
    went about his job filming the speech. The former Vice Predient of the Spanish 
    region of Catalonia, Oriol Junqueras and eleven other separatists(分裂分子) are 
    going on trial(审判) later in Mardird over the 2017 Catalan referendum(全民公决) and 
    subsequent declearation of indenpendence(独立事件). Guy Hedgecoe is in Madrid(主持人报道).

    This is Spain's most polically sensitive trial for decades. Among the defendants(被告人)
    is Oriol Junqueras, former Vice President of Catalonia, who could face up to twenty-five 
    years in prison if found guilty of rebellion(反叛罪).
 
    He and several other defendants have been held in custody(监禁) for months ahead 
    of the trial, prompting(暗示/推动) clamis by their defense(辩护) team that this 
    whole judicial process(司法过程) lacks credibility(可信度).

    But the government says the trial, which is expected to last around three months,
    has all the necessary guarantees(保障). Politicians have been accused of failing 
    to comprehend(理解) the dangrous posed by multiplying environment cirses.

    The warning comes from the Institule for Public Policy Reseach in Britain. Here's
    Roger Harrabin. The report warns of a potentially deadly combination of factors 
    affecting the planet, including climate change and the mass loss of species, 
    especially insects.

    The authors note widespread erosion of topsoil, forest felling, acdifying oceans,
    extrem weather, plastic in the seas, overfishing and more. The report says there 
    factors are driving what they call a complex dynamic process of environmental 
    destabilizaion(不稳定).

    They say this destabilizaion is occurring at speed unprecedented(空前的) in human history.
    This is the world news from the BBC.



