    The BBC News with Fiona MacDonald. The European aerospace(航空业) firm Aribus has announced 
    that it will stop makeing the wolrd's biggest airplane the A380 superjumbo(巨无霸).

    Double-decker(双层) aircraft was designed to challenge the 747 of Airbus's rival(竞争对手)
    Boeing. Rob Young reports. The era of the Superjumbo is drawing to end, just thirteen 
    years after A380 flew(分型) for the first time.

    Airbus says it will stop production with the final plane to be delivered(交付) in two 
    year's time. The A380 iss regarded as a great technological achievement. It's estimated
    to have cost about fifteen billion pounds to develop.

    But Airbus has struggled to sell the giant planes with airlines increasingly turnning 
    to smaller, more fuel efficient aircraft for long haul(长途) fights. The final nail(最后的稻草)
    in the coffin was a decision by Emirates, the Gulf Airline that's been the planes biggest 
    fan to cut substantially its oustanding order(粉丝也取消订单).

    The journalist at the head of an award-winning news website in the Philippines which 
    criticized the country's Persident has been bailed(保释) after spending the ninght in 
    detention(拘留).

    Maria Ressa, the head of Rappler website was arrested on Wednesday over a libel(诽谤) 
    charge relating to an article published seven years ago. Here's Howard Johson.

    Lots of people have come forward to condemn(谴责) this move(做法). We've heard from the 
    Vice Persident of the country Leni Robredo, she said that this is pure political 
    harassment(迫害) a view that's been echoed by many people in the media here who say that
    this is a clampdown(镇压) on freedom of speech. Let's not forget Rapper had urged(告诫)
    Philippine Persident Rodrigo Duterte in the past for their coverage of his drug war.

    Now the president's spokesperson forward(站出来) and said that this has got nothing to do 
    with freedom of speech. He says that this is purely a libel case, a private libel case 
    brought by a businessman aganist Rapper.

    Saudi Arabia has expressed reget at a proposal by the European Commission(欧洲委员会) to add 
    it to a list of countries that don't do enought to prevent money laundering(洗钱) and
    the financing of terrorism(资助恐怖分子).

    A report by the offical Saudi Press Agency said that Guif kindom had taken a number of 
    measures to combat financial irregularities(不法行为). Female students at a prestigious(著名的)
    Indian college have called for the scrapping of a decades-old Valentine's day tradition in 
    which their male colleagues worship(崇拜) a so-called Virgin Tree(处女树). Women at the 
    Hindu college in Delhi(德里) say the practice of adorning the tree with ribbions(彩带),
    condoms(避孕套) filled with water and posters(海报) representing the curvaceous(妇女体型优美)
    godness Damdami Mai is patriarchal(父权,男权) and misogynistic(歧视女性). The male students 
    says the ritual(习俗) is a bit of harmless fun.








