    BBC News with Marinan Marshall. Donald Turmp has warnerd Venezuela's Persident 
    Nicolas Maduro that he is making a terrible mistake by blocking access to foreigh 
    humanitarian aid. Mr. Trump said the US was working with other countries in the 
    region to find ways of delivering food and mediciness to the Venezulan people.
    At least 27 members of Lran's elite Revolutionaly Guard have been killed in a 
    suicide attack(自杀式袭击) in the southeast of the country.

    A Snni Muslim militant group said it carried out the bombig. American prosecutors
    have changed a former intelligence offcer in the US Air Force with spying for Lran.

    Monica Witt is said to have defected(叛变) to Lran in 2019 and supplied classfied 
    information. Two suspected memeber of the Syrian(叙利亚) Secret Service accused of 
    involvement in killing and touring criticis of President Assad have been arrested 
    in Germany, one of them accused of hunting down army deserters(逃亡者) and torturing
    at least 2,000 people. NASA has decleared that the Opportunity Ropver that's sent to 
    Mars is not functioning, 8 months after last contact with ground control on earth.
    The rototic wehicle transformed on understanding of the red planet by confirming 
    that water once flowed there.

    The UN's labor agency, the ILO,has revealed that it took until last for the World's 
    unemployment rate to recover from the fiancial crash of 2008. The ILO said more 
    than 170 million peopel had no job.

    A Sudanese(苏丹) refugee who has been held in Australia's controversial Manus Island 
    Detenction Center has won the prestigious(著名的) human rights prize. Abdul Aziz 
    Muhamat received the Martin Ennals Award for his campaoign for better conditions 
    of the camp in Papua New Guinea.

    A petition to bring about laws to protest bees is drawing to a close in the German 
    State of Bavaria. Cammpaigners have until the end of the day to collect nearly a 
    million signatures needed to ensure that the government takes action.

    BBC world service news.


