    BBC news with Marian Marshall. A jury has found the notorious Mexican drug lord,
    Joaquin EI Chapo Guzman, guity on all 10 counts at his drug-trafficking tiral in 
    New York.

    The unanimous(统一的,一致的) decision means the 61-year-old faces a mandatory life 
    sentence. Guzman, once among the world's richest men, ran the Sinaloa drug cartel(企业联合),
    one of the biggest supplies of drugs for the United States.

    Tens of thousands of supports of the Venezuelan opposition leader Juan Guaido have 
    rallied the center of the captial Caracas. Many are carrying placards, demanding 
    President Nicolars Madura stand down.

    Others are chanting(高喊) slogans in support of Mr. Guaido. The Italian parliament(会议)
    has called on Venezuela to hold new president elections to replace what it called 
    the illegatimate ones last May that re-elected President Nicolas Madura. Ltaly is 
    one of the few European countries not to back Mr. Guaido as Interim President.

    15 people have been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo(刚果) in connection 
    with (原因) Common Law clashes in December. Untied Nations says the violence left 
    almost 900 people dead.

    Russian parliment has passed draft legistation that will give the state tighter 
    controls of the internet to defend it from foreign medding(干扰). The bill seeks 
    to route Russian web traffic through points controlled by state authorities.

    The former Yugoslavia(南斯拉夫) Republic of Macedonia has begun using its new name of 
    North Macedonia, ending three decades of dispute winth its souteen neighbor Greece.

    It confirmed the name change in the offical gazette(公报). Until the United Nations 
    is  formally notified of the change(正式收到通报之前), the new name will be for domestic 
    use only(国内使用).

    The European Union has signed a new multi-million dollar agreement with Morocco 
    that will allow EU vessels fishing rights off the coast of the disputed territory
    of Western Sahara.

    But it has angered the territory's indenpence movement(独立运动), and has been 
    rejected by the Saharan residents. BBC news.
    