    Hello, this is David Austin with the BBC News. The two man political parties
    in Nigeria have condemned(谴责) the country's electoral commission for 
    postponing the presidential and parlimerntary elections hours before 
    polling was due to stat. The head of the commission is Mahrmoud Yakubu.

    This will afford the commission the opportunity to address idenfified 
    challenges in order to maintain in the quality of our elections. This 
    was a difficult decision for the commission to take, but necessary for 
    the successful delivery of elections(选举的交接) and the consolidation of
    our democracy.

    Mr. Yakbu said legistical problems had made it impossible to hold the 
    vote on schedule, but both the governing All Progressives Congress and 
    the opposition People's Democratic Party criticized the commision for 
    not beign prepared and then accused each other of trying to manipulate 
    the vote. Both have urged calm(督促冷静). The Roman Catholic Church has 
    defrocked(解除) the former Cardinal Theodore McCarrric over allegations 
    of child abuse.

    The Vatican said Pope Francis had ruled his expulsion(驱除) from the clergy(牧师)
    as definitive and would not allow any further appeals(上诉) against the 
    decision. Theodore MaCarrick was the former Archbishop(大主教) of Washington D.C. 
    Martin Bashir reports.

    Theodore MaCarrick was informed of(收到) the church's decision to remove 
    him from the priesthood(神职) last night. And a terse(简要的) statement 
    from the Vatican this morning said that he'd been found guilty of sins 
    against minors and adults with the aggravating(滥用的) factor of the abuse 
    of power. Last July, he resigned as a cardinal, the first to do so in more 
    than a hundred years, after credible allegations emerged that he'd sexually
    assaulted a sixteen-year-old altar(祭坛) boy, and then molested(调戏) another 
    fourteen-year-old. India's fastest train has broken down a day after it 
    was inaugurated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi with much fantare(号角齐鸣).

    Anbrathan Antirajon has the story. The state-of-art Vande Bharat Express was 
    returning from the India city of Varanasi after its first outling(远足) when 
    the brakes reportedly jammed(卡住) in one of the carriages(客车厢).

    Soon after that divers noticed a smoke in the last four coaches(后四节车厢), 
    and power was lost in all compartments(隔间/车厢). Those on board, mostly 
    railway officials and journalist, had to take another train to get back 
    to Dehpi.

    Some reports said that the express had hit a stray cow(离群的牛). The tain 
    is expected to reduce the trvel time betweenn Dephi and Varanasi by six hours.
    The new train service is expected to start its commercial run from Sunday.

    And that's the latest BBC News.
    




