    BBC news with Stuart Mackinotosh. The Brititsh Minister Theresa May has 
    has suffered another parlimmentary(议会的) defeat(失败) on her Brexit(脱欧)
    plans.

    Members voted against the government's appeal to back(支持) the approach 
    agreed two weeks ago. Brexit supports who rebelled(反对) said the motion 
    would have ruled out(避免) leaving the EU next month without a deal.

    Cuba has accused the Unnited States of secretly moving troops to several 
    Caribbean islands in preparation for an attempt to depose(摆脱) the Venezuelan 
    leader Nicolas Maduro.

    Havana said the US military aircafts handed last week in several strategic 
    locations in the region. A third man suspected of helping to poison the former 
    Russian spy Sergei Skripal and his daughter in Britain last year has been 
    identified as a senior Russian military intelligence officer. The investigative 
    website Bellingcat named him as Denis Sergeev.

    India has called for international sanctions aganist the leader of a militant 
    group based in Pakistan which is said to have carried out a suicide attack
    in Kashmir, killing at least 40 people.

    In a statement, India asked for the leader of Jaishe Mohammad Group, Maulana 
    Massod Azhar, to be designated as(列为) terrorist by the UN. In the past few minutes, 
    a senior US Republican has announced that Persident Trump will sign bipartisan(两党的)
    spending deal(支出协议) to avoid another government shutdown and then declared 
    a national emergency to fund his border wall. The sernate majority leader(多数党领袖)
    Mitch McConnel said the two moves would be made together.

    Students and teacher across the United States have been holding vigils(守夜)
    to mark the anniversary of the Parkland shooting in which 17 people were killed 
    at a high school in Florida.

    Schools in the state held a moment of silence. A new research into aging 
    brains suggested they could be rejunvenated(焕然一新), allowiing mental 
    decline to be reversed.

    US scientists say we lose mental sharpness(敏捷度) not because our brain cells 
    die, but because they fall out of sync with each other. BBC news.




