    This is the BBC News. Hello, I'm Eileen Mckue. The Venezuelan oppostition leader 
    Juan Guaido has outlined his plan to fracture(折断) support for President Nicolas 
    Maduro by ogranizing a huge humantitarian aid distribution(人道主义救援物质) opertaion(行动)
    across Venezuelan. Mr. Guaido said he had recruited over six hundred thousand 
    volunteers who would carry the aid from boder crossings next Saturday. Food and 
    medicine has been arriving US military transport planes at the Colombian border 
    town of Cucuta. A representative of Mr. Guaido's interim government Lester Toledo 
    spoeke supplies were being unloaded(卸载). The most important thing is that the 
    day is close when the doors at the Colombia-Venezuelan border will open, so that 
    only meters from here, not only humanitarian aid will go through, not only medical 
    supplies, not onlyclosehave any will go through, but aslo 
    freedom. The actincloseary Partick Shanahan has said he is not yet 
    determined whetherclose military necessity of how much 
    Pentagon money wouclosesaid he would start reviewing the 
    innitial military closean said the Pentagon had identified 
    the steps needed tcloseect, but deliberately not made 
    any decisions yet!close

    The neighboring states are engaged in a maritime(海边的) boundary dispute over an 
    area that's thought to contain lucative(获利的) gas and oil reserves. The Kenyan(肯尼亚) 
    governemnt said the summons(召回) was a result of a decision by Somalia(索马里) to
    aution off(拍卖) oil and gas blocks in Kenyan's maritime territorial area that 
    borders Somalia(索马里). Tc he  international Court of Justice is hearing a case 
    in the dispute. US Vice President Mike Pence has urged European Leaders to follow 
    Washington's lead ant withdraw from what he called the disatrous(灾难性的) Iran 
    nuclear deal. In a speech to the Munich Security Council, Mr. Pence said American 
    First did not mean America alone. The time has come for our European partners to 
    withdraw from the Lran nuclear and join us as we bring the economic and diplomatic
    pressure to give the Iranian people, the region and the world the world the peace, 
    security, and freedom they deserve. Vandles in London have painted graffiti(涂鸦)
    on the grave of the German revolutionary(革命的) philosopher(哲学家) Karl Marx. The 
    second attack on his memorial this month. Slogans(标语) like architect(建筑师) of genocide(种族灭绝)
    were dogged in red paint on the four-metre-high monument(纪念碑). Police say they've 
    made no attrest over hammer attack earlier this month. BBC News.

