    Hello, this is David Austin with the BBC News. The Australian Prime Minister Scott
    Morrison says the country's three main political parties have been hit by sophisticated 
    cyber attack on their computer networks. He said Australia security agencies believed 
    an unnamed foreign governemnt was behind the attacks.

    Members will be aware that(注意到) the Austrialian Cyber Security Center recently 
    identifited a malicious(恶意的) intrusion(干扰,闯入) into the Austranlian Parliament 
    House computer network.

    During the course of this work, we also became aware(意识到) that the networks of 
    some political parties -- Liberal, Labor and Nationals have also been affected. 
    Mr. Morrison did not reveal what informatino had been accessed, but he said there 
    was no evidence of electoral(选举) interference.

    At least four Indian soldoiers and two suspected separtist rebels have been killed 
    in a gunfight in disputed Kashmir. The clash happened in Pulwama district where 
    there a suicide attack last week. Sanaita Myska reports.

    It was in the early hours of this morning that soldiers and security police 
    sealed off(封锁) a village in the district of PUlwama. Secturity forces say 
    they fired warning shots(鸣枪警告) into the air when militants immdediately fired 
    back.

    Villages in the area have been the fous of intense searches(密集搜索) throughout 
    whe weekend as  Indian forces attempt to isolate members of the militant group 
    Jaishe Mohammad whoe claimed responsibility for last week's suicide bombing. Since 
    then India has attempeted to have Pakistan(巴基斯坦) diplomatically(外交) by appealing 
    to its international allies to cut all ties.

    Trade talks between Britian and Japan are reported to have soured(恶化) after 
    Japanese officals received a letter from their British conterparts urging them 
    to speed up negotiations.

    The Financial Times newspaper says the officals were dismayed(不满意) at the wording,
    which said that Britain was committed to speed and flexibility and hoped for 
    Japan was, too.

    They are said to have interpreted this as an accusation(指控) that Tokyo was dragging 
    its feet. A British paliamentary committee has called for a compulsory code(强制准则)
    of ethics(道德) to regulate Facebok and other big social media companies to help 
    limit fake news and other harmful content. It said that this would be overseen(监督)
    by an independent regulator and founded by a levy(征税) on tech companies. 

    The committee's(议员) reprot into fake news and disinformation was particularly 
    scathing(严厉地) towards Facebook, accusing it of intentionally violating data 
    privacy and anti-competition laws.

    The Mexican President Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador has announced plans to shut down 
    an island complex in the Pacific Ocean. The penal(刑事的) colony(殖民地) in the 
    Marias island was founded more than a century ago to house Mexico's most dangerous 
    convicts(罪犯).

    It's now expected to be developed for toursim. That's the latest BBC news.
    




