    BBC News. I'm John Shea. Pakistan's Prime Minister Imran Khan has warned India 
    against using force against Islamabad.

    The move comes in the aftermath(后果) of the morst militant acctack on India forces
    in Indian-administered Kashmir for decades. If you think you can launch any sort of 
    atack on Pakistan. Pakistan willnot think about retaliating(反击). It wll retailate.

    There will be no other option left, and Pakistan will retaliate and reply. Mr. Kahn 
    also called on(号召) on Indi to provide evidence to support its claims that Pakistan
    was involved in the attack.

    More than forty members of India security forces died in the suicide bombing. 
    The Islamic(IS) group JaisheMohammad says it carried out the attack, but India 
    says Pakistan's intelligence agency was also involved.

    Vandals(破坏分子) have descreated(亵渎) eighty graves at a Jewish cemetery(坟墓)
    in eastern France ahead of marches in Pair and elsewhere later today against 
    an upsurge(高潮) in anti-Semitic act(反犹法案).

    Swastikas were dogged(涂满) on memorias(纪念碑) near Strasbourg. A similar attack took 
    place in December. At a news conference in Paris, President Micron denounced(谴责)
    all attacks on Jews as an assautl on the French Republic itself.

    The United Nations human rights chief has expressed concern at the fate of civilians 
    attmpting to flee areas of northern Syria(叙利亚) still under the control of Islamic(IS)
    State. Michelle Bachele said some two hundred families were trapped in a tiny 
    sliver(狭长的) of territory still held by IS and were apparently being prevetend 
    from leaving. The Japanese carmaker Honda has confirmed that it plans to close 
    a factory in Britin with the loss of three and a half thousand jobs.

    The plants is due to close in two years' time. Rupet Wingfield Hayes reports from 
    Tokyo on the reason for decision. Honda CEO Takahiro Hachigo said the decision to 
    end production in the United Kingdo was not related to Britain leaving the Eurpean 
    Union, he said the decison was driven by the dramatic changes taking place in the 
    the world car mrakets, in particular the need to move rapidly to electric vehicles.

    In that light, He said the UK's positon as a global manufacturing hub is no longer 
    viable(现实的). The American Senator Bernie Sanders has announced he's running 
    for the US presidecy in next's election.

    In 2016, the independent from Vermont came close to beating Hillary Clinton for the 
    Democratic nomination. Mr. Sanders said he and his supporters had begun a political 
    revolution then, and it was now time to move the revolution forward.

    Mr. Sanders is seen as a leading contender for the Democratic nominaiton. BBC 
    world news.
    


