    Hello, this is David Austin with the BBC News. Pope Francis has called for concrete
    measures(具体措施) to tackle child sexual absue by priests, at the opening of a 
    landmark summit at the Vatican(梵提冈).

    He told bishops from nearly a hundred and fifty countries that the world's 1.2 billion 
    Roman Catholics wanted more than facile(表面地) and obvious condemnations. James 
    Reynolds reports from the Vatican.

    In a conference hall inside the Vatican, Pope Francis told bishpos that the Catholic 
    Church needed to listen the cry of little ones(孩子) who demand justice.

    He said the victims of abuse expected contrete and efficient measures to tackle 
    the abuse scansal. Carninal Luis Antonio Tagle, the Archbishop of Manila added 
    that clerical(牧师的) abuse took place because of a misuse(滥用) of power.

    Survivors of abuse have called on church officals to take pratical steps to make 
    sure that the problem is finally addressed. officals in the Bangladeshi captical 
    Dhaka have announced an end to rescue efforts after emergencey workers battled 
    a major fire for about fifteen hours.

    More than seventy people have died, many others are being treated in hospital. 
    A multi-storey residential building, where chemicals were also stored, was reduced
    to a charged shell(装满火药的炮弹).

    The organizers of the 2024 Pairs Olympics say they're nominated break-dancing(霹雳舞)
    as one of their chosen sports for the summer games. It follws the introduction of 
    other new sports of the upcoming games in Tokyo(东京) next year.

    Our sports correspondent(体育通讯员) Richard Conway has the details. Breaking-
    dancing featured at the Youth Olympics in Buenos Aires last year, but the organiers 
    of the Pairs games have now nominated it to be one of their chosen sports for 2024.
    Surfing, skateboarding(滑板运动) and sport climbing are also expected to feature 
    alongside the more traditional summer events.

    The Internation Olympic Committee are committed to keeping the games current and 
    believe they have to evolve to remain relevant to a younger generation.

    Sussian prosecutors have chared an Americn investment banker with frajud in a 
    case that he says is linked to a commericial dispute with a Russian bank.

    Michael Calvey was detained(拘留) in Moscow last weekend along with five ohters 
    on suspicon of embezzling(挪用) thirty-seven miilion dollars, which he denies.

    Mr. Calvey, who's fifty-one, is a seniro partner of Baring Vostok Capital Ltd, a
    private equity fund(私募基金公司), which is in disupte with a Russian firm Vostochniy
    bank.

    The campaign group Human Rights Watch has accused the security forces in Mozambique
    of intimidaing, detaning and prosecutling journalists who were attempting to report 
    on the Jihadist conflict in the north of the country.

    It says by silencing the media, the government is preventing any scrutiny(监督)
    of the militay operations and alleged(声称的) abuses. BBC News.



