    BBC news with Neil Nunes. The British Prime Minster Theresa May has had another 
    inconclusive meeting in Brussels on securing better terms for Britain's pledged
    departure form the European Union. Mras May and the Europan Union Commission 
    President Jean Calude Juncker said their talks had been constructive and they 
    would seek to speak against before the end of the month. She went ot Brussels 
    hours after three MPs(议会议员) quitted the governemnt Conservatives in protests 
    at her handing of Brexit.

    The French President Emmanuel Macron is expected to announce new measures to tackle 
    anti-Semitism(反犹主义). There's been a recnt upsurge in incidents, includeing 
    the desecration(亵渎行为) of a Jewish cemetery(墓地).

    Bangladesh(孟加拉国) says the case of Shamima Bagum who fled London to join 
    Islamic(IS组织) State in Syria four years ago is entirely a matter for the 
    British government(得到中重视).

    The 19-year-old has been stripped of her British citizenship. She's tohught to 
    be entitiled to(授权) Bangladesh citizenship but says she's never even versited 
    the country.

    Brazil's (巴西) government plans to introduce a minimum retirement age of 65 for 
    man and 62 for woman. It says the new pension rules(退休金) would save more than 
    300 billion dollars in ten years.

    The opposition argues that this would penalize(损害) the poorest and benefit private 
    pension funds. The former President of the Democratic Republic of Congo Joseph Kabila 
    has sought to assert(彰显) his political influence(政治影响) by ordering leaders of 
    his alliance to sign a pledge of loyalty to him. Mr Kabila handed over power 
    nearly a month ago to Felix Tshisekedi who won the disputed presidential election.

    A case had been filed(诉诸公堂) in Pakistan against the actor, singer and model 
    Fawad Khan for allegedly refusing to let her young daughter be vaccinated against 
    polio(小儿麻痹症).

    Pakistan recetly launched a mass vaccination drive targeting about 40 million 
    chidren. That's the latest BBC News.
    
  