    BBC news with Jonathan Lzard. The Venezulelan President Nicolas Maduro says he 
    is closing the border with Brzzil to prevent the devlivery of foreign aid by 
    opposition which he sees as a provocation(挑衅). The Brazllin government said 
    it was storing food and medication donated by the US in Pacarmima(马杜罗政府)
    on its Venezulelan border and nearby city of Boa Vista. Police in the US city 
    of Chicgao have said the African-American actor Jussie Smollet exploited(发起)
    the pain of racism by staging a racist homophobic(同性恋) attack to promote 
    his career. Mr. Smollet denies filing a fasle police report(否认警方错误报告)。
    Police say he paid two Ngerian brothers to carry out the attack.

    At a court hearing, the judge said 100,1000 doallars for his bail(保释). Burundi
    has threatened to pull all 5,000 of it peace keepers(维和人士) out of Somali(索马里)
    if the African Union insists on 1000 of them leaving the country by the end of 
    this month. Salaries of the pease keepers are paid by the western government which 
    play an important economic role.

    One of the orgainzers of this week's Vatican(罗马教廷) child abuse conference Cardinal 
    Oswaid Gracias faces the possibility of criminal charges in India over ignoring 
    a complaint(控诉) about sexual abuse of a young boy by a priest.

    The vitim's family has come to cout, saying the cardinal should be tried(审讯)
    for not informing the police when allegations(控诉) were brought to him.(该控诉是小孩的按个控诉)
    Catalan separtists in the northeast of Spain are holding demonstrations to support 
    12 leaders who went on trial last week on charge of rebellin and sedition(暴动).
    Serveral thousands truned out to the regional capital Barcelona, waving Catalan 
    flags.

    The authorities of Nigeria(尼日利亚) say the President Muhammadu Buhari is to leave 
    the country on Sunday two months before he's due to take part in presidential 
    elections.

    The 81-year-old no longer speaks in public, but he is still expected to win the 
    April election. And a Japanese space probe(探测器) has begun to ascend towards 
    an asteroid(小行星) after a three-and-half-year journey from earth.

    The Hayabusa-2 craft will try to collect rocks from the surface of the asteroid 
    called Ryugu in the first mission of its kind ever(首次的) attempted.

    BBC news.

    

