    Hello, I'm Debbie Russ with the BBC News. Nigerians(尼日利亚) will soon begin 
    casting their ballots(投票表决) in presidential and parlimamentary elecionts 
    that were postponed, excuse me last Saturday with only a few fours' notice(通知).
    The main candidates are President Muharmmadu Buhari and a former Vice President 
    Atiku Abubakar. Purgle King reports.

    This is the biggest election in African histroy with eighty-four million registered 
    voters spread across the continent's most poplulous nation. Logistical(后勤)
    difficulties that cause the postponement of the polls now seem to have been 
    overcome with the National Electoin Commission assuring voters across the country
    they would be able to vete. There are still problems not least in the northeast 
    where nealy two million people are displaced and the Boko Haram group(博科圣地组织)
    and its offshoot(分支) Islamic(IS) State West African have threatened to attack
    voters. President Muhammadu Buhari has said the police will deal fimly with anybody 
    trying to disrupt the poll.

    The Venezuelan has shut part of the border with Colombia(哥伦比亚), complaning(控诉)
    of serious threats against its sovereginty(主权). The closue was announced as 
    President Nicolas Maduro's opponents made final preparations to move aid,(提前做准备移走救助物资)
    much of it from the United States across the frontier. From Caracas, here's Katy 
    Waston. This is the day Venezuela's opposition has beeen waiting for, a day that 
    will test the loyalty of country's armed forces towards Nicolas Maduro and determite 
    his furture. Lorries(卡车) laden with aid are expected to set off from both Columbia
    and Brzail and attempt to cross the border.

    Throghout Venzuela, people will gather military barracks(军事基地) to ask soldiers
    for their help in the aid effort. Until now, senior officers have remained loyal to 
    Mr. Maduro, but with pressure being heaped on them to help the Venezuelan people,
    will they listen to their leader or change sides support Juan Gjuaido and open the 
    borders. The British Prime Minster Theresa May is facing open divisions(分歧) with 
    her cabinet over Brexit with a deadline for withdrawal from the EU just over a 
    month away. Three senior ministers have defied(违抗) policy to warn that Brexit 
    should be delayed if Praliament fails to approval a deal with days. Here is Nick 
    Baldelli. It is no secret Amber Rudd, David Gavid Gauke and Greg Clark have significant 
    concerns(担心) about the prospect(前景) of there being no deal, but their intervention 
    is significant. The government has yet to confirm whether a new deal will even 
    be put MPs(议员) next week, but this internvention adds to the pressure on the Prime 
    Minister to get assurances from Brussels(欧盟) eminently(突然地). It is also a warning 
    to Tory Brexiteers(脱欧者) that if they do not back(支持,接受) a tweaked(修改的) version 
    of the Prime Minister's deal.

    Brexit will be delayed and it will be their fault. That's the latest world news 
    from the BBC.

    





