    Hello, I'm Nell Nunes with the BBC News. The UN says more civalians that were 
    killed in Afghanistan last year than in any year since the US-led invasion in 
    2001.

    More than three thousand eight hundred people died, an increase of eleven percent 
    on the previous years figure. There's been a pronounced(明显的) increase in suicide 
    attacks against civilian targets as the Tabliban steeped up its campaign against 
    the government of President Ashraf Ghani. Voting begins in a president election 
    in Senegal(塞尔加尔).

    The incumbent(在职的) Macky Sall is seeking a second term as a modernizer who's 
    helped to boost economic growth to more than six percent a year, one of the highest 
    rates in Afria.

    But critics say he's done little to imporve the lives of ordinary Senegalese(塞内加尔人).
    He's also been accused of trying to stamp out(镇压) dissent(不同意见者). Pope Francis 
    will later today close the Roman Catholic conference on tacking pedophilia(恋童癖) within 
    the clergy(牧师). Details for Martin Bashir.

    More than 150 global leaders of the Roman Gatholic Church have heard presentations 
    on accountability(责任),, engaged in group discussions on collegiality(共同掌权) 
    adn heard form survivors on the issue of transparency.

    But Pope Francis has said that this summit will prove worthless unless there are 
    concrete proposals for the safegurading of children that can be applied to church 
    in every continent adn culture.

    In the coming weeks, the Vatican(梵提冈) is expected to lay out a road map for handing 
    clerical abuse allegations. Emperor(天皇/皇帝) Akihito of Japan has taken part in 
    the latest in a series of events which culmiate in his abdication(退位) at end of 
    April.

    He's made a short speech and attended cultural performances at the national theater(国家剧院)
    in Tokyo to mark the thirtieth(第30) anniversary of his enthronement(继位). There 
    years ago the emperor made known his wish to give up his position because of his 
    advanced age and declining health.

    A school is to be reopened in the US state of Wyoming to educate just one child.
    The Cozy Hollow School, about a hundred kilometers from the city of Larimer hasn't 
    been used for a decade.

    Many roads in Wyoming are often impossible in winter and autumn, and state law 
    lays down that pupils affected muse be provided with access to a school building.

    Eight basketball players from the University of Mississippi have keelt(跪下) during 
    the playing of the American national anthem(奏国歌) in protest at a nearby rally(联盟)
    by white supremacist groups(白人主义至上).

    One of the team stars, Breein Tyree said the players are tired of hate groups 
    coming to the university. Kneeling during the anthem has become a popular way 
    for athletes to protest against racial injustice and inequality.

    BBC world news.
    



