    Hello, I'm Neil Nunes with the BBC News. INdia says it warplanes(战机) have conducted(进行)
    raids(突袭) inside Pakistani(巴基斯坦) territory in a major escalation of tension 
    between the two nuclear-armed neighbors.

    Delhi(德里) says a large mumber of Jaishe-e-Mohammed militans jhave been killed. 
    The Pakistani military has denied there have been any casualties. From Mumbai, here's 
    Detyler Lemar.

    These strikes were specifically targeted at camps of the militant outfit(军事基地)
    Jaish-e-Mohammed. It's also the outfit that claimed responsibility for the attack 
    which took place in INdian-administered Kashmir, the suicide bombing on 14th of 
    February of a military bus in which forty soldiers were killed. The Pakistani military 
    spokesman was the first to sort of claim that something like this had happened,
    saying there were no casualties. There was no damage, no infrastructure was hit.
    They're saying that the Indian aircraft had to scramble back and hastily(匆忙地)
    dropped their payload, but that resulted in no destruction.

    The former Vatican(梵提冈) treasurer(财务主管) Cardinal Geoorge Pell has been found 
    guilty of sexually abuseing two boys in the late 1990s. The Australian cleric(神职人员)
    was convicted(有罪) in December, but the trial was subject to reporting restrictions
    which have only now been lifted(刚刚被取消). Howard Griffiths is in Snydey. Cardinal 
    George Pell was one of the Pope's closest addvisors who controlled the Church's 
    finances.

    In the 1990s as the archbishop(大主教) of Melbourne, he forced two quiet boys to 
    carry out a series of sexual acts after he found them drinking sacramental wine(圣酒)
    in the back of teh Cathedral.

    He claimed the allegations were made up(编造), but a jury found unanimously that 
    he was guilty. Pell is to appeal a conviction(上诉), but first he faces returning 
    to court where he's likely to be given a jail senstence.

    The North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has arrived in Vietnam(越南) on the eve of 
    his summit with President Trump. A guard of honour welcomed him at Dong Dan(同登)
    train station on the border with China.

    Mr.King then drove on to Hanoi. Mr.Trump is expected(预计) to fly in later on Tuesday.
    Sharanjit Leyl is in Hanoi. In the evening , they will both meet briefly before going 
    on to have a dinner together.

    And really Thursday is when we're expetcing to see a lot of the nitty gritty(基本事实)
    this issue of obviously North Korea denuclearizing. the Americans want to see 
    evidence of that and of course the North Koreans on their part want to see the 
    trade blocs and sanctions removed.

    World news from the BBC.
    