    Hello, I'm Neil Nunes with the BBC News. Green Book has won the Best Picture Award
    at theOscaars Ceremony in Los Angeles.

    The film tells the sort of a black painist(黑人钢琴师) on a tour of the Southern 
    United States in the early 1960s, but it was a controversial winner as Rebecca Sun 
    of the HOllywood reporter explains.

    Some people say that Green Bok falls into what we call a white savior narrative(救世主的故事)，
    These are films like, you konw, the Help(帮助) or Hidden Figures(隐藏人物) where 
    they center a white protagonist(主人公) and you could see that in this case, Viggo 
    Mortensen's character(角色) was a lead and Mahershala Ali won supporting actor(最佳男配角).
    These are movies that are supposed to talk about race but they are told from the 
    perspective of a white charater and sort of show a ahite character in a heroic 
    light protecting sort of the oppressed minoritise(受压迫的少数). The latest round of 
    peace talks between the United States and the Taliban is due to(可以不用翻译) start shortly
    in Qatar(卡塔尔).

    One of the Taliban's founders Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar traveled to Doha on Sunday 
    and is expected to(预计) to lead the Taliban delegation. The possibility of an end 
    to seventeen years of conflict appeared to come closer last month, when US and 
    Taliban officials said they had reached a draft peace agreement. The International 
    Court of Justice in the Hague is due to rule today on whether Britain has a right 
    to sovereignty over the Chagos Islands.

    Mauritius disputes(反对) London's claim to the Indian ocean territory, which is home 
    to the strategic US military base of Diego Garcia. Here's Andrew Harding. For some 
    years, Mauritius has argued that the Chagos Islands should belong to it that Britaiin 
    had no right to keep the archipelago(多岛的) when he gave the rest of Mauritius its 
    independence back in the 1960s. Two yeas ago, to Britain's suprise and frustration(挫败),
    the UN General Assembly voted to send the dispute to the International Court of 
    Justice here in the Hague. If Britain loses, the government will no doubt argue 
    that the court's ruling is advisory, so not binding(约束性), but it will nonetheless 
    carry sinificant weight. The Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said plans to 
    relocate the US military base on the island of Okinawa(冲绳) would continue despite 
    their rejectjion in a non-binding referendum(公投). More than seventy percent of 
    voters were opposed to construction of a new base, but Mr.Abe said they could delay
    no longer.

    A court in India has granted bail(保释) to journalist who has accused a former government 
    minister of sexual misconduct(不当行为). Priya Ramani is facing a defamation(诽谤)
    suit brought by M.J.Akbar, who resigned as the junior minister for External Affairs 
    last year after several women said he had harassed(骚扰) them. His lawyer called 
    the accusations baseless(莫须有).

    BBC world news.
    









